s influenzae meningitis with prolonged hospital course.
Augmentation mentoplasty using Mersilene mesh.
Multiple intracranial mucoceles associated with phaeohyphomycosis of the paranasal sinuses.
Replacement of an aortic valve cusp after neonatal endocarditis.
Mucosal intussusception to avoid ascending cholangitis.
Gastrointestinal function and structure in HIV-positive patients.
The value of indium 111 leukocyte scanning in the evaluation of painful or infected total knee arthroplasties.
Febrile infants less than eight weeks old. Predictors of infection.
Superficial cultures in neonatal sepsis evaluations. Impact on antibiotic decision making.
Sepsis-related cardiogenic shock.
Catheter-related sepsis: prospective, randomized study of three methods of long-term catheter maintenance.
Effect of blood transfusion on oxygen consumption in pediatric septic shock.
Resolution of the adult respiratory distress syndrome following colectomy and liver transplantation.
Effects of epinephrine on hemodynamics and oxygen metabolism in dopamine-resistant septic shock.
Short-term chemoprophylaxis with ceftizoxime vs. five-day aminoglycoside with metronidazole in 'contaminated' lower gastrointestinal surgery.
Gastrointestinal tuberculosis. Report of four cases.
A small animal model of human Helicobacter pylori active chronic gastritis.
Prevention of necrotizing enterocolitis in the rat with prenatal cortisone.
Reduction of gastric ulcer recurrence after suppression of Helicobacter pylori by cefixime.
Adjuvant antibiotic therapy in duodenal ulcers treated with colloidal bismuth subcitrate.
Monomicrobial nonneutrocytic bacterascites: a variant of spontaneous bacterial peritonitis.
Norfloxacin prevents spontaneous bacterial peritonitis recurrence in cirrhosis: results of a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
Review of hepatic imaging and a problem-oriented approach to liver masses.
Mechanical cardiopulmonary support for refractory cardiogenic shock.
Fungal pseudomeningitis superimposed on Escherichia coli meningitis.
The Hastings bipolar hemiarthroplasty for subcapital fractures of the femoral neck. A 10-year prospective study.
External fixation for type III open tibial fractures.
Neonatal osteomyelitis.
Denatured muscle grafts for nerve repair. An experimental model of nerve damage in leprosy
The modified Schollner costoplasty.
Selection of antibiotic coverage in vascular patients undergoing cystoscopy.
Possible role of bacterial siderophores in inflammation. Iron bound to the Pseudomonas siderophore pyochelin can function as a hydroxyl radical catalyst.
Antigen specific serum antibody response to Chlamydia trachomatis in patients with acute pelvic inflammatory disease.
Serum pepsinogen I and gastrin concentrations in children positive for Helicobacter pylori.
Effect of sample volume on yield of positive blood cultures from adult patients with haematological malignancy.
The many faces and phases of borreliosis. I. Lyme disease [published erratum appears in J Am Acad Dermatol 1991 Apr;24(4):663]
Skin pigmentation from clofazimine therapy in leprosy patients: a reappraisal.
The many faces and phases of borreliosis II.
Cutaneous lesions of disseminated histoplasmosis in human immunodeficiency virus-infected patients.
Treatment of fungal skin infections: state of the art.
Itraconazole in tinea versicolor: a review.
Itraconazole in common dermatophyte infections of the skin: fixed treatment schedules.
Itraconazole in the management of chronic dermatophytosis.
Treatment of oral candidosis with itraconazole: a review.
Treatment of vaginal candidiasis: orally or vaginally?
Individualizing treatment of vaginal candidiasis.
Itraconazole treatment of phaeohyphomycosis.
European experience with itraconazole in systemic mycoses.
Itraconazole therapy for nonmeningeal coccidioidomycosis: clinical and laboratory observations.
Itraconazole in opportunistic mycoses: cryptococcosis and aspergillosis.
Itraconazole therapy in aspergillosis: study in 49 patients.
An external urine collection device for incontinent women. Evaluation of long-term use.
Possible role of leukotrienes in gastritis associated with Campylobacter pylori.
Evidence for gastric mucosal cell invasion by C. pylori: an ultrastructural study.
A case of unexpected pasteurella multocida bacteremia.
Epidemiology in bone and joint infection.
The diabetic foot. Soft tissue and bone infection.
Infection in total joint replacement.
Analysis of the immune response to lipopolysaccharide. Existence of an interspecies cross-reactive idiotype associated with anti-lipid A antibodies.
Organ hypertrophy and responses of colon microbial populations of growing swine to high dietary protein.
Normalization of plasma arginine vasopressin concentrations when children with meningitis are given maintenance plus replacement fluid therapy
Impairment of neutrophil chemotactic and bactericidal function in children infected with human immunodeficiency virus type 1 and partial reversal after in vitro exposure to granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor.
Prevalence of HIV infection among patients with leprosy in African countries and Yemen.
Platelet activating factor (PAF) and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF alpha) interactions in endotoxemic shock: studies with BN 50739, a novel PAF antagonist.
Hydroxyethyl starch pretreatment in bacteremic sheep.
The role of antibiotic therapy in the prevention of empyema in patients with an isolated chest injury (ISS 9-10): a prospective study.
The direct costs of universal precautions in a teaching hospital.
Epidemiologic, clinical, and laboratory findings of human ehrlichiosis in the United States, 1988.
Unsuspected syphilitic hepatitis in a patient with low-grade proteinuria and abnormal liver function
Outbreak of diarrhoea due to Escherichia coli O111:B4 in schoolchildren and adults: association of Vi antigen-like reactivity.
Ecology, life cycle, and infectious propagule of Cryptococcus neoformans
Gentamicin iontophoresis in the treatment of bacterial otitis externa in the guinea pig model.
Bacterial meningitis: an update.
Borrelia burgdorferi infection of the brain: characterization of the organism and response to antibiotics and immune sera in the mouse model
Reclosure of disrupted abdominal incisions.
Cefazolin for hysterectomy prophylaxis.
The effects of Chlamydia trachomatis on the female reproductive tract of the Macaca nemestrina after a single tubal challenge following repeated cervical inoculations.
Torulopsis glabrata vaginitis: clinical aspects and susceptibility to antifungal agents.
Evaluation of the Gram stain as a screening tool for maternal carriage of group B beta-hemolytic streptococci. The Vaginal Infections and Prematurity Study Group.
Enumeration of clue cells in rehydrated air-dried vaginal wet smears for the diagnosis of bacterial vaginosis.
Increased cell adherence of group B streptococci from preterm infants with neonatal sepsis.
A rapid method for detection of group B streptococcal colonization: testing at the bedside.
Angiographic arterial embolization and computed tomography-directed drainage for the management of hemorrhage and infection with abdominal pregnancy.
A clarification on endodontic flare-ups [comment]
Progressive osseous destruction as a complication of HIV-periodontitis.
Safety and immunogenicity of Haemophilus influenzae type b oligosaccharide-CRM197 conjugate vaccine in infants aged 15 to 23 months.
Open lung biopsy in the critically ill newborn.
Poor compliance with universal precautions: a universal phenomenon?
Absent or minimal cerebrospinal fluid abnormalities in Haemophilus influenzae meningitis.
Vaginitis. Systematically solving a bothersome problem.
Infectious diarrhea. Managing a misery that is still worldwide.
Bacterial or viral meningitis? Measuring lactate in CSF can help you know quickly.
A study to assess the efficacy of chemoprophylaxis in the prevention of endoscopy-related bacteraemia in patients aged 60 and over.
Oral findings in HIV-infected patients attending a department of internal medicine: the contribution of intraoral examination towards the clinical management of HIV disease
Endocarditis in the 80s in a general hospital in Auckland, New Zealand.
Assessing the risk of occupational acquisition of the human immunodeficiency virus: implications for hospital policy.
Duplex Doppler examination of a perinephric abscess in a renal transplant.
Broad spectrum penicillin as an adequate therapy for acute cholangitis.
Ascending cholangitis: surgery versus endoscopic or percutaneous drainage.
The hyperimmunoglobulinaemia E and recurrent infections syndrome in an adult [published erratum appears in Thorax 1990 Dec;45(12):984]
Pulmonary disease following intravesical BCG treatment.
Renal abscess in children.
Pleuropulmonary manifestations of hepatic amebiasis
Disc space infection: a case report with MRI diagnosis.
Clostridium difficile invasion and toxin circulation in fatal pediatric pseudomembranous colitis.
Cerebrospinal fluid changes after 48 hours of effective therapy for Hemophilus influenzae type B meningitis.
Percutaneous transhepatic cholecystostomy for acute complicated cholecystitis in elderly patients.
Hyperplastic gastric polyps associated with persistent Helicobacter pylori infection and active gastritis.
Disseminated, nonmeningeal gastrointestinal cryptococcal infection in an HIV-negative patient.
Streptococcus mitis sepsis in bone marrow transplant patients receiving oral antimicrobial prophylaxis.
Pleuritis as a manifestation of reactivation tuberculosis.
Association of Helicobacter pylori infection with dyspeptic symptoms in patients undergoing gastroduodenoscopy.
Evidence of subclinical blastomycosis in forestry workers in northern Minnesota and northern Wisconsin.
Sexually transmitted diseases and human immunodeficiency virus infection among women with pelvic inflammatory disease.
Postpartum osteomyelitis caused by group B streptococcus.
High infectious morbidity in pregnant women with insulin-dependent diabetes: an understated complication.
Intraamniotic infection in the very early phase of the second trimester.
Oral contraceptives and myocardial infarction.
Lyme borreliosis in the severe combined immunodeficiency (scid) mouse manifests predominantly in the joints, heart, and liver.
hemofiltration reverses left ventricular dysfunction during sepsis in dogs.
Epidemiology of infection by nontuberculous mycobacteria IX. Evidence for two DNA homology groups among small plasmids in Mycobacterium avium, Mycobacterium intracellulare, and Mycobacterium scrofulaceum.
Manual ventilation bags as a source for bacterial colonization of intubated patients.
Toxic shock syndrome after inguinal hernia repair. Report of a case with patient survival.
Ceftazidime/clindamycin versus tobramycin/clindamycin in the treatment of intra-abdominal infections.
Effects of method of hemostasis on wound-infection rate.
Congenital insensitivity to pain with neuroparalytic keratitis.
Relapse of infant botulism.
In vitro evaluation of nicotinamide riboside analogs against Haemophilus influenzae.
Activities of clarithromycin, sulfisoxazole, and rifabutin against Mycobacterium avium complex multiplication within human macrophages.
Beta-lactamase production and susceptibilities to amoxicillin, amoxicillin-clavulanate, ticarcillin, ticarcillin-clavulanate, cefoxitin, imipenem, and metronidazole of 320 non-Bacteroides fragilis Bacteroides isolates and 129 fusobacteria from 28 U.S. centers.
SCH-39304 in prevention and treatment of disseminated candidiasis in persistently granulocytopenic rabbits.
Activity of compound G2 isolated from alfalfa roots in experimental dermatophyte infection.
In vitro susceptibility of Xanthomonas (Pseudomonas) maltophilia to newer antimicrobial agents.
Comparison of cilofungin and amphotericin B for therapy of murine candidiasis.
Management of gastroenteritis.
An unusual cause of thoracic mass.
The process of microbial translocation.
The prevalence of Helicobacter pylori in nonulcer dyspepsia. Importance of stratification according to age
Emergence of ciprofloxacin resistance in nosocomial methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus isolates. Resistance during ciprofloxacin plus rifampin therapy for methicillin-resistant S aureus colonization.
Desensitization in the management of vancomycin hypersensitivity.
Immediate breast reconstruction following mastectomy is as safe as mastectomy alone.
Reoperative surgery for the morbidly obese. A university experience.
Buccal cellulitis.
Intraocular pressure changes and postural changes of intraocular pressure in experimentally induced Hansen's disease of rhesus, mangabey, and African green monkeys.
Seven-day administration of recombinant human granulocyte colony-stimulating factor to newborn rats: modulation of neonatal neutrophilia, myelopoiesis, and group B Streptococcus sepsis.
Effect of granulocyte colony-stimulating factor on neutropenia due to chemotherapy for non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
Unusual case of pacemaker lead migration.
Splenic septic emboli in endocarditis.
Total knee arthroplasty in diabetes mellitus.
Prevention of nosocomial lung infection in ventilated patients: use of an antimicrobial pharyngeal nonabsorbable paste.
Ringer's acetate and dextran-70 with or without hypertonic saline in endotoxin-induced shock in pigs.
Pulmonary manifestations of disseminated cryptococcosis in patients with AIDS.
Quality of well-being before and after antibiotic treatment of pulmonary exacerbation in patients with cystic fibrosis.
Subpleural mononuclear cell infiltration. Significance in the differential diagnosis of pleuritis showing nonspecific histologic findings.
Anti-Kveim monoclonal antibody. New monoclonal antibody reacting to epithelioid cells in sarcoid granulomas.
Occult fatal pulmonary embolism with disseminated intravascular coagulation. An unusual case masquerading as miliary tuberculosis.
Septic pulmonary emboli. A rare cause of bilateral pneumothorax in drug abusers.
Yersinia enterocolitica abscess of the transverse colon. Report of a case.
Infections in alcoholic patients.
Host response to mycobacterial infection in the alcoholic rat.
Infection control in the nursing home: the physician's role.
Transfusion risks.
The patellofemoral joint after total knee arthroplasty without patellar resurfacing.
Treatment of infection after total knee arthroplasty by debridement with retention of the components.
Amputation or limb-lengthening for partial or total absence of the fibula.
An unusual late complication following surgical repair of tetralogy of Fallot.
Use of latex agglutination technique for detecting Legionella pneumophila (serogroup 1) antibodies.
History of antifungals.
Problems of resistant dermatophytes.
Treatment of chronic tinea pedis (athlete's foot type) with topical terbinafine.
A clinical trial of topical terbinafine (a new allylamine antifungal) in the treatment of tinea pedis.
Efficacy and tolerability of topical terbinafine in the treatment of tinea cruris.
Treatment of tinea cruris with topical terbinafine.
Treatment of chronic moccasin-type tinea pedis with terbinafine: a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
Oral terbinafine versus griseofulvin in the treatment of moccasin-type tinea pedis.
Eosinophilic pustular folliculitis: fungal folliculitis?
Leprotic involvement of peripheral nerves in the absence of skin lesions. Case report and literature review.
Miliary tuberculosis presenting as skin lesions in a patient with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Bioaerosols: prevalence and health effects in the indoor environment.
Tuberculous peritonitis: a study comparing cirrhotic and noncirrhotic patients.
The role of human immunodeficiency virus infection in pneumococcal bacteremia in San Francisco residents.
Monoclonal antibody to mouse lipopolysaccharide receptor protects mice against the lethal effects of endotoxin.
Properties of strains of Escherichia coli O26:H11 in relation to their enteropathogenic or enterohemorrhagic classification.
Fucosylated oligosaccharides of human milk protect suckling mice from heat-stabile enterotoxin of Escherichia coli.
Platelet-activating factor or a platelet-activating factor antagonist decreases tumor necrosis factor-alpha in the plasma of mice treated with endotoxin.
Protective effects of polyclonal sera and of monoclonal antibodies active to Salmonella minnesota Re595 lipopolysaccharide during experimental endotoxemia.
Antimicrobial resistance of Shigella isolates in the USA: the importance of international travelers.
Cefuroxime treatment failure of nontypable Haemophilus influenzae meningitis associated with alteration of penicillin-binding proteins.
Prevention of catheter-associated urinary tract infection with a silver oxide-coated urinary catheter: clinical and microbiologic correlates.
Restriction endonuclease analysis of total cellular DNA of Aspergillus fumigatus isolates of geographically and epidemiologically diverse origin.
Coccidioidomycosis in human immunodeficiency virus-infected patients.
Detection of interleukin-3 in the serum of mice infected with Mycobacterium lepraemurium.
Partial characterization of Chlamydia trachomatis isolates resistant to multiple antibiotics.
Bacterial meningitis in the United States, 1986: report of a multistate surveillance study. The Bacterial Meningitis Study Group.
A large outbreak of antibiotic-resistant shigellosis at a mass gathering.
Quantitation of Tamm-Horsfall protein binding to uropathogenic Escherichia coli and lectins.
Prevalence and diagnosis of Legionella pneumonia: a 3-year prospective study with emphasis on application of urinary antigen detection.
Tumor necrosis factor-alpha plays a role in host defense against Histoplasma capsulatum.
Bacterial infections in patients with visceral leishmaniasis.
Confocal microscopic detection of human immunodeficiency virus RNA-producing cells.
Transmission of Chlamydia pneumoniae in young children in a Japanese family.
Pilot trial of selective decontamination for prevention of bacterial infection in an intensive care unit.
Occurrence of secondary attenuating mutations in avirulent Salmonella typhimurium vaccine strains.
Nasal carriage of Staphylococcus aureus: correlation with hormonal status in women.
Treatment evaluation of experimental staphylococcal infections: comparison of beta-lactam, lipopeptide, and glycopeptide antimicrobial therapy.
A 'silent' intracranial complication of frontal sinusitis.
Rhinosporidiosis associated with squamous cell carcinoma in the tongue.
Another hazard of ear syringing: malignant external otitis.
Adult immunization in a network of family practice residency programs.
Causes of death in hospitalized intravenous drug abusers.
Early hospital discharge of children with cancer treated for fever and neutropenia: identification and management of the low-risk patient.
Subarachnoid hemorrhage caused by a fungal aneurysm of the vertebral artery as a complication of intracranial aneurysm clipping. Case report.
Adult immunizations: are they worth the trouble?
Gunshot injuries to the hip and abdomen: the association of joint and intra-abdominal visceral injuries.
Clinical course and pharmacokinetics following a massive overdose of amphotericin B in a neonate.
Fatal sepsis following intravesical bacillus Calmette-Guerin administration for bladder cancer.
Fatal disseminated mycobacterial infection following intravesical bacillus Calmette-Guerin.
Disseminated histoplasmosis with embolic endovascular complications: a case report.
Association of group C beta-hemolytic streptococci with endemic pharyngitis among college students
Positive Lyme serology in subacute bacterial endocarditis. A study of four patients.
Effect of short-term intermittent antibiotic treatment on growth of Burmese (Myanmar) village children.
Person-to-person transmission of Pseudomonas cepacia between patients with cystic fibrosis.
Buruli ulcer in Benin
Impact of active immunisation against enteritis necroticans in Papua New Guinea.
Changing epidemiology of group A streptococcal infection in the USA.
Value of antigen detection in predicting invasive pulmonary aspergillosis
Infective dermatitis of Jamaican children: a marker for HTLV-I infection
Disseminated histoplasmosis in the acquired immune deficiency syndrome: clinical findings, diagnosis and treatment, and review of the literature.
Coccidioidomycosis during human immunodeficiency virus infection. A review of 77 patients.
Extrapulmonary pneumocystosis: clinical features in human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Soleus-specific myopathy induced by passive stretching under local tetanus.
A randomized, prospective field trial of a conjugate vaccine in the protection of infants and young children against invasive Haemophilus influenzae type b disease
Limited efficacy of a Haemophilus influenzae type b conjugate vaccine in Alaska Native infants. The Alaska H. influenzae Vaccine Study Group
The agent of bacillary angiomatosis. An approach to the identification of uncultured pathogens
Clinical and pathological features of bacillary peliosis hepatis in association with human immunodeficiency virus infection
A newly recognized fastidious gram-negative pathogen as a cause of fever and bacteremia
Seizures and other neurologic sequelae of bacterial meningitis in children.
The sequelae of Haemophilus influenzae meningitis in school-age children.
Whither short-course chemotherapy for tuberculous meningitis?
Chronic Lyme disease with an expansive granulomatous lesion in the cerebellopontine angle.
Infectious intracranial aneurysms: comparison of groups with and without endocarditis.
Streptococcus bovis meningitis: report of 2 cases.
Pelvic pain and infections.
The prevalence of cardiac valvular pathosis in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Oral histoplasmosis as a presenting disease in acquired immunodeficiency syndrome [published erratum appears in Oral Surg Oral Med Oral Pathol 1991 Jan;71(1):76]
Apical closure of mature molar roots with the use of calcium hydroxide.
Nosocomial bacteremias in measles.
Thrombocytosis after pneumonia with empyema and other bacterial infections in children.
Central nervous system tuberculosis in children: a review of 30 cases.
The use of prophylactic furazolidone to control a nosocomial epidemic of multiply resistant Salmonella typhimurium in pediatric wards.
Safety evaluation of PRP-D Haemophilus influenzae type b conjugate vaccine in children immunized at 18 months of age and older: follow-up study of 30,000 children.
Case-control study of Cryptosporidium parvum infection in Peruvian children hospitalized for diarrhea: possible association with malnutrition and nosocomial infection.
Immunogenicity of Haemophilus b conjugate vaccine (meningococcal protein conjugate) in children with prior invasive Haemophilus influenzae type b disease.
Clinical features of adenovirus enteritis: a review of 127 cases.
Dexamethasone effects on the hospital course of infants with bronchopulmonary dysplasia who are dependent on artificial ventilation.
Health assessment of the early adolescent. Challenges and clinical issues.
Mycoplasmal pneumonia. Are you thinking of atypical presentations?
A rhesus monkey model for sexual transmission of a papillomavirus isolated from a squamous cell carcinoma.
Antibiotic therapy for common infections.
Early postoperative care of the cardiac transplantation patient: routine considerations and immunosuppressive therapy.
Bacterial tracheitis: report of eight new cases and review.
Hypercalcitoninemia, hypocalcemia, and toxic shock syndrome.
Brucella endocarditis: the role of combined medical and surgical treatment.
Tuberculous psoas muscle abscess following chemoprophylaxis with isoniazid in a patient with human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Resolution of lung abscess due to Pseudomonas aeruginosa with oral ciprofloxacin: case report.
Pulmonary and disseminated infection due to Mycobacterium kansasii: a decade of experience.
Spectrum of Cryptococcus neoformans infection in 68 patients infected with human immunodeficiency virus.
Comparison of species distribution and antimicrobial susceptibility of aerobic actinomycetes from clinical specimens.
A case of group B streptococcal pyomyositis
Pneumococcal endometritis and neonatal sepsis.
Visceral protothecosis mimicking sclerosing cholangitis in an immunocompetent host: successful antifungal therapy.
Enterobacter bacteremia in pediatric patients.
Endocarditis due to ampicillin-resistant nontyphoid Salmonella: cure with a third-generation cephalosporin.
Listerial myocarditis in cardiac transplantation.
Group C streptococcal arthritis: case report and review.
Primary meningococcal conjunctivitis: report of 21 patients and review.
Quinolone antibiotics in the treatment of Salmonella infections
Infectious diseases as a Canadian subspecialty, with projections to the year 2000.
Protection of mice against the Lyme disease agent by immunizing with recombinant OspA.
Syphilis, human immunodeficiency virus infection, and targeting prevention.
Neurologic abnormalities in a patient with human ehrlichiosis.
Left ventricular pseudoaneurysm complicating mitral valve replacement in a 4-year-old child with acute bacterial endocarditis.
Pleuropulmonary tularemia: successful treatment with erythromycin.
Antibodies in human tears during and after infection.
Hyperbaric oxygen therapy for necrotizing fasciitis reduces mortality and the need for debridements.
Giant basilar aneurysm in the course of subacute bacterial endocarditis.
Management of Peyronie disease by implantation of inflatable penile prosthesis.
Diagnosis and treatment of prostatic infections.
HIV disease: a review for the family physician. Part II. Secondary infections, malignancy and experimental therapy.
Effects of common illnesses on infants' energy intakes from breast milk and other foods during longitudinal community-based studies in Huascar (Lima), Peru.
Bacteremia in an ambulatory setting. Improved outcome in children treated with antibiotics.
Percutaneous central venous catheterization. Three years' experience in a neonatal intensive care unit.
"Spontaneous sump syndrome": Successful treatment by duodenoscopic sphincterotomy.
Adult and pediatric peritonitis rates in a home dialysis program: comparison of continuous ambulatory and continuous cycling peritoneal dialysis.
Epidemiology of Lyme disease in Virginia.
Use of intrapleural streptokinase in the treatment of thoracic empyema.
Antenatal microbiologic and maternal risk factors associated with prematurity.
Cervicovaginal microflora and pregnancy outcome: results of a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of erythromycin treatment.
Pregnancy outcomes among mothers infected with human immunodeficiency virus and uninfected control subjects.
Perinatal mortality in Victoria, Australia: role of group B Streptococcus.
Epidemiologic differences between chlamydia and gonorrhea.
Garlic-in-oil associated botulism: episode leads to product modification.
Day care characteristics associated with Haemophilus influenzae disease. Haemophilus influenzae Study Group.
Evidence for gonococcal transmission within a correctional system.
HIV seroprevalence among male IVDUs in Houston, Texas.
South American blastomycosis: ophthalmic and oculomotor nerve lesions.
Recombinant capsular antigen (fraction 1) from Yersinia pestis induces a protective antibody response in BALB/c mice.
Role of surgery in antibiotic-induced pseudomembranous enterocolitis.
Blood contamination of anaesthetic and related staff
Infection during chronic epidural catheterization: diagnosis and treatment.
Toxic streptococcal syndrome.
Tetanus immunization status and immunologic response to a booster in an emergency department geriatric population.
Erythromycin failure with subsequent Pasteurella multocida meningitis and septic arthritis in a cat-bite victim.
The role of mucous glycoproteins in the rheologic properties of cystic fibrosis sputum.
Human intestinal tissue antibiotic concentrations. Clindamycin, gentamicin, and mezlocillin.
The inactivation of antithrombin III by serum elastase in patients with surgical infections.
Effect of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection on the course of syphilis and on the response to treatment.
Recurrent seizures in children with Shigella-associated convulsions.
Iatrogenic contamination of multidose vials in simulated use. A reassessment of current patient injection technique.
Outcome after acute osteomyelitis in preterm infants.
Thoracoplasty: current application to the infected pleural space
Air contamination in open heart surgery with disposable coveralls, gowns, and drapes.
Myocardial preservation using lidocaine blood cardioplegia.
Antimicrobial prophylaxis for open heart operations.
Treatment of postoperative infection of ascending aorta and transverse aortic arch, including use of viable omentum and muscle flaps.
Management of mycotic rupture of the ascending aorta after heart-lung transplantation.
Left recurrent laryngeal nerve paralysis: an unusual presentation of histoplasmosis.
Job's syndrome: a rare cause of recurrent lung abscess in childhood.
Empiric treatment of fungal infections in the neutropenic host. Review of the literature and guidelines for use.
Seroprevalence of Helicobacter pylori in Seventh-Day Adventists and other groups in Maryland. Lack of association with diet.
Recurrent meningitis in a patient with congenital deficiency of the C9 component of complement. First case of C9 deficiency in Europe.
Aerobic and anaerobic bacteriology of wounds and cutaneous abscesses.
Does survival depend on the amount of autotransplanted splenic tissue?
Antibiotic pharmacokinetics in surgery
Nontropical pyomyositis as a cause of subacute, multifocal myalgia in the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Outbreak of spontaneous staphylococcal arthritis and osteitis in mice.
Levels of serum granulocyte colony-stimulating factor in patients with infections.
Acute and chronic bacterial prostatitis: a review of treatment approaches.
Sexually transmitted diseases of the colon, rectum, and anus. The challenge of the nineties.
Immunogenicity in animals of a polysaccharide-protein conjugate vaccine against type III group B Streptococcus.
Isolation of HIV-1 from the blood of seropositive adults: patient stage of illness and sample inoculum size are major determinants of a positive culture. The Walter Reed Retroviral Research Group.
Ocular syphilis.
Acute syphilitic posterior placoid chorioretinitis.
The national immunization program of The Netherlands.
Postneonatal infectious disease mortality: the French situation.
Postneonatal mortality in Norway: a study of recent trends and comparison with other mortality rates in Norwegian children.
Treating systemic fungal infections in AIDS patients. Prolonging life against the odds.
A randomized prospective study of topical antimicrobial agents on skin grafts after thermal injury.
How and why aztreonam works.
Antifungal therapy and its use in surgical treatment.
Vancomycin pharmacokinetics in hydrocephalic shunt prophylaxis and relationship to ventricular volume.
Brain stem tuberculoma in adult patients: diagnosis and treatment.
Brain abscess associated with congenital pulmonary arteriovenous fistula.
Botulism among Alaska Natives. The role of changing food preparation and consumption practices.
High-dose phenylephrine infusion in the hemodynamic support of septic shock.
Controversies in the treatment of streptococcal pharyngitis
Concomitant neurocysticercosis and brucellosis.
Impetigo. Current etiology and comparison of penicillin, erythromycin, and cephalexin therapies.
Lung function in children following empyema.
Ocular atopy and mycotic keratitis.
Endophthalmitis due to Sporothrix schenckii after penetrating ocular injury.
Clindamycin vs penicillin for anaerobic lung infections. High rate of penicillin failures associated with penicillin-resistant Bacteroides melaninogenicus.
Spectrum of invasive Haemophilus influenzae type b disease in adults.
Group B streptococcus endocarditis following second-trimester abortion.
Toxic shock syndrome associated with use of latex nasal packing.
Streptococcal endocarditis temporally related to transesophageal echocardiography.
Eustachian valve endocarditis.
A study of immunoglobulin G in the cerebrospinal fluid of 1007 patients with suspected neurological disease using isoelectric focusing and the Log IgG-Index. A comparison and diagnostic applications.
Newer concepts in antimicrobial therapy.
Simplified two-stage below-knee amputation for unsalvageable diabetic foot infections.
Initial evaluation of human monoclonal anti-lipid A antibody (HA-1A) in patients with sepsis syndrome.
Dependence of oxygen consumption on oxygen delivery in children with hyperdynamic septic shock and low oxygen extraction.
Accuracy in early prediction of prognosis of patients with septic shock by analysis of simple indices: prospective study.
Femoral artery cannulation for monitoring in critically ill children: prospective study.
Incidence of colonization, nosocomial pneumonia, and mortality in critically ill patients using a Trach Care closed-suction system versus an open-suction system: prospective, randomized study.
Risks of human immunodeficiency virus infection to patients and healthcare personnel.
Cardiac involvement in AIDS.
Prostacyclin but not phentolamine increases oxygen consumption and skin microvascular blood flow in patients with sepsis and respiratory failure.
Pseudomonas aeruginosa compared with Escherichia coli produces less endotoxemia but more cardiovascular dysfunction and mortality in a canine model of septic shock.
Septic pulmonary embolism complicating a central venous catheter.
Adult respiratory distress syndrome due to blastomycosis during pregnancy.
Management of Brucella endocarditis with aortic root abscess.
Reduction of contamination at total hip replacement by special working clothes.
Why use drains?
The efficacy of pediatric blood culture sets in the determination of burn bacteremia.
Lack of association between medication use and the presence or absence of bacteriuria in elderly women.
Absence of significant bacteremia during urinary catheter manipulation in patients with chronic indwelling catheters.
Clinically inapparent (asymptomatic) bacteriuria in ambulatory elderly men: epidemiological, clinical, and microbiological findings.
Mycobacterium leprae-specific T cells from a tuberculoid leprosy patient suppress HLA-DR3-restricted T cell responses to an immunodominant epitope on 65-kDa hsp of mycobacteria.
A comparison of rapid enzyme immunoassay tests for the detection of Chlamydia trachomatis cervical infections.
Neonatal interleukin-1 beta, interleukin-6, and tumor necrosis factor: cord blood levels and cellular production.
Vaginitis emphysematosa. A report of four cases.
A general model of sexually transmitted disease epidemiology and its implications for control.
Chlamydial infections.
Syphilis in adults.
Chancroid and the role of genital ulcer disease in the spread of human retroviruses.
Human papillomavirus infections of the genital tract.
The "nuisance" sexually transmitted diseases: molluscum contagiosum, scabies, and crab lice.
Common nonvenereal genital lesions.
Approach to men with urethritis and urologic complications of sexually transmitted diseases.
Approach to the patient with genital ulcer disease.
Vaginal infections in adult women.
Pelvic inflammatory disease.
Sexually transmitted arthritis syndromes.
Sexually transmitted causes of gastrointestinal symptoms in homosexual men.
The interrelationship between human immunodeficiency virus infection and other sexually transmitted diseases.
Amoxycillin plus probenecid versus doxycycline for treatment of erythema migrans borreliosis.
Bird attack on milk bottles: possible mode of transmission of Campylobacter jejuni to man
A randomized, double-blind trial of nystatin therapy for the candidiasis hypersensitivity syndrome
Interleukin-1 receptor antagonist reduces mortality from endotoxin shock.
Acute axonal polyneuropathy associated with anti-GM1 antibodies following Campylobacter enteritis.
Human immunodeficiency virus infection in pregnancy.
Calcitonin gene-related peptide levels are elevated in patients with sepsis.
Perirenal candidial abscess.
Tetracyclines in urology: current concepts
Antibiotic therapy for Bacillus species infections.
Helicobacter pylori and associated duodenal ulcer.
Continued need for pneumococcal prophylaxis after splenectomy
Urinary infection following out-patient flexible cystoscopy.
Antibiotic compared with antiseptic prophylaxis for prostatic surgery.
Helicobacter pylori and gastric carcinoma. Serum antibody prevalence in populations with contrasting cancer risks.
Metabolic regulation of renal gluconeogenesis in response to sepsis in the rat.
Thoracic empyema: causes, diagnosis, and treatment.
Causes, diagnosis, and treatment of pharyngitis.
Surgical wound infection and cancer among the elderly: a case control study.
Endophthalmitis after placement of a Molteno implant.
Chancroid: results from an outbreak in Houston, Texas.
A resurgence of acute rheumatic fever in a mid-South children's hospital.
Sternoclavicular septic arthritis due to haemophilus influenzae.
Drug therapy for Helicobacter pylori infection: problems and pitfalls.
Helicobacter pylori infection: a simplified diagnostic approach.
Helicobacter pylori infection in patients with acquired immune deficiency syndrome.
Comparison of two ascitic fluid culture methods in cirrhotic patients with spontaneous bacterial peritonitis.
Liver abscess complicating intratumoral ethanol injection therapy for HCC.
Ofloxacin treatment of Chlamydia pneumoniae (strain TWAR) lower respiratory tract infections.
Determinants of condom use among French heterosexuals with multiple partners.
Increased septic complications with three-drug sequential immunosuppression for cadaver renal transplants.
Outpatient percutaneous central venous access in cancer patients.
Severe anemia is an important negative predictor for survival with disseminated Mycobacterium avium-intracellulare in acquired immunodeficiency syndrome [published erratum appears in Am Rev Respir Dis 1991 Feb;143(2):451]
Risk factors for Staphylococcus aureus nosocomial pneumonia in critically ill patients.
A rat model of prolonged pulmonary infection due to nontypable Haemophilus influenzae.
Disseminated Conidiobolus infection with endocarditis in a cocaine abuser.
Tuberculous meningitis. Short course of chemotherapy.
Acquired childhood aphasia. Outcome 1 year after onset.
Cumulative AIDS incidence and altered mortality from bacterial infections.
Patterns of bacterial infection in calves implanted with artificial hearts.
Peritoneal macrophage beta-2 microglobulin production and bacterial peritonitis in CAPD patients.
Prevention of infection in a porous tracheal prosthesis by omental wrapping.
The role of indium-labelled leukocyte imaging in pyrexia of unknown origin.
Surgical presentation of Kawasaki disease (mucocutaneous lymph node syndrome).
New isotopic technique for detecting prosthetic arterial graft infection: 99mTc-hexametazime-labelled leucocyte imaging.
Post-cannulation radial artery aneurysm--a rare complication.
Widespread dermatophyte infections that mimic collagen vascular disease.
Parents' vs physicians' utilities (values) for clinical outcomes in potentially bacteremic children.
Low gastric acid as a risk factor for cholera transmission: application of a new non-invasive gastric acid field test.
Tampon absorbency, composition and oxygen content and risk of toxic shock syndrome.
Castanospermine vs. its 6-O-butanoyl analog: a comparison of toxicity and antiviral activity in vitro and in vivo.
Prevention of a false diagnosis of sexually acquired reactive arthritis by synovial lymphocyte responses.
Pyogenic sacroiliitis in a rural population.
Sternocostoclavicular hyperostosis: two cases with differing dermatologic syndromes.
Yersinia enterocolitica tenosynovitis. The first case.
Septic Streptococcus milleri spondylodiscitis.
Development and potential use of antibody directed against lipopolysaccharide for the treatment of gram-negative bacterial sepsis.
The systemic septic response: concepts of pathogenesis.
Altered Ca2+ homeostasis and functional correlates in hepatocytes and adipocytes in endotoxemia and sepsis.
Aberrations in post-trauma monocyte (MO) subpopulation: role in septic shock syndrome.
Derivation and validation of a clinical diagnostic model for chlamydial cervical infection in university women
Health issues at the US-Mexican border
Breast milk and neonatal necrotising enterocolitis
A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of oral antibiotic therapy following intravenous antibiotic therapy for postpartum endometritis.
Haemophilus influenzae: an important cause of maternal and neonatal infections.
Posterior infectious crystalline keratopathy with Staphylococcus epidermidis.
Retained intraocular foreign bodies and endophthalmitis.
Management of post-tuberculous complex aspergilloma of the lung: role of surgical resection.
Lipid infusion increases oxygen consumption similarly in septic and nonseptic patients.
A rabbit model for bacteria-induced preterm pregnancy loss.
In vitro inhibition of esterase activity in amniotic fluid: comparison with bacterial cultures.
Methicillin-resistant staphylococcal colonization and infection in a long-term care facility
Primary dapsone-resistant Hansen's disease in California. Experience with over 100 Mycobacterium leprae isolates
'Cystic papilloma' in humans? Demonstration of human papillomavirus in plantar epidermoid cysts.
Hepatic abscess. Changes in etiology, diagnosis, and management.
Streptococcal antibody cross-reactivity with HLA-DR4+VE B-lymphocytes. Basis of the DR4 associated genetic predisposition to rheumatic fever and rheumatic heart disease? [published erratum appears in Br J Rheumatol 1991 Jun;30(3):222]
Immunologic evidence for the in situ deposition of a cytoplasmic streptococcal antigen (endostreptosin) on the glomerular basement membrane in rats.
Decrease in mean platelet survival time in acute poststreptococcal glomerulonephritis (APSGN).
Staphylococcus aureus infection of human endothelial cells potentiates Fc receptor expression.
Immunogenicity and protective effect against oral colonization by Streptococcus mutans of synthetic peptides of a streptococcal surface protein antigen.
Pneumococcal pneumonia in a rat model of cirrhosis: effects of cirrhosis on pulmonary defense mechanisms against Streptococcus pneumoniae.
The human antibody response to streptococcal C5a peptidase.
Mediastinitis following coronary artery bypass surgery: a 3-year review.
Immunization of mice with antibiotic-treated Escherichia coli results in enhanced protection against challenge with homologous and heterologous bacteria.
Predictive index for optimizing empiric treatment of gram-negative bacteremia.
Instillation of vancomycin into a cerebrospinal fluid reservoir to clear infection: pharmacokinetic considerations.
Exacerbation of bacterial toxicity to infant ferrets by influenza virus: possible role in sudden infant death syndrome [published erratum appears in J Infect Dis 1991 Jul;164(1):232]
Divergent efficacy of antibody to tumor necrosis factor-alpha in intravascular and peritonitis models of sepsis.
Tumor necrosis factor and severe malaria.
Shunt surgery for hydrocephalus in tuberculous meningitis: a long-term follow-up study.
The management of flail chest injury: factors affecting outcome.
Treatment of candidosis in severely injured adults with short-course, low-dose amphotericin B.
Septic hip in pelvic fracture with urologic trauma: case report.
Contaminant blood cultures and resource utilization. The true consequences of false-positive results.
Surgical outcome in 435 patients who sustained missile head wounds during the Iran-Iraq War.
Bismuth subsalicylate in the treatment of acute diarrhea in children: a clinical study.
Bacteremia with otitis media.
Risk of respiratory illness associated with day-care attendance: a nationwide study.
Pediatric emergency room visits: a risk factor for acquiring measles.
Pseudomonas aeruginosa bacteremia in patients undergoing liver transplantation: an emerging problem.
Cerebellar syndrome caused by isoniazid.
Griseofulvin: a new look at an old drug.
Fluconazole: a new triazole antifungal agent.
Acute phase reactants and risk of bacterial meningitis among febrile infants and children.
Transmission of 'toxic strep' syndrome from an infected child to a firefighter during CPR.
Fatal Capnocytophaga canimorsus septicemia in a previously healthy woman.
Yersinia enterocolitica in the synovial membrane of patients with Yersinia-induced arthritis.
Double-blind, placebo-controlled study of three-month treatment with lymecycline in reactive arthritis, with special reference to Chlamydia arthritis.
Application of the polymerase chain reaction and immunofluorescence techniques to the detection of bacteria in Yersinia-triggered reactive arthritis.
Human cytomegalovirus viraemia in HIV-1-seropositive patients at various clinical stages of infection.
Extrapulmonary and disseminated tuberculosis in HIV-1-seropositive patients presenting to the acute medical services in Nairobi.
HIV-1 and pregnant women: associated factors, prevalence, estimate of incidence and role in fetal wastage in central Africa.
Audit of major colorectal and biliary surgery to reduce rates of wound infection.
Adenine nucleotide changes in kidney, liver, and small intestine during different forms of ischemic injury.
Behavior of the pulmonary circulation at rest and during exercise in miliary tuberculosis.
Endotoxemia in human septic shock.
Peripheral nerve function in sepsis and multiple organ failure
Rabbit skeletal muscle PO2 during hypodynamic sepsis.
Nonsurgical treatment of Histoplasma endocarditis involving a bioprosthetic valve.
The diagnostic utility of the antibody-coated bacteria test in intubated patients.
Diagnosis of Campylobacter pylori gastritis.
Zollinger-Ellison syndrome. Relation to Helicobacter pylori-associated chronic gastritis and gastric acid secretion.
Helicobacter pylori and Zollinger-Ellison syndrome.
Enhancement of antibiotic concentrations in gastric mucosa by H2-receptor antagonist. Implications for treatment of Helicobacter pylori infections.
Helicobacter pylori and gastric acid output in peptic ulcer disease.
Penetration of lanthanum through the main pancreatic duct epithelium in cats following exposure to infected human bile.
A pilot study of the prevalence of herpes genitalis among selected groups of patients seeking care in a family practice center.
Helicobacter pylori infection in pernicious anemia: a prospective controlled study.
Selective intestinal decontamination prevents spontaneous bacterial peritonitis.
A rodent model of cirrhosis, ascites, and bacterial peritonitis.
Hepatic injury associated with small bowel bacterial overgrowth in rats is prevented by metronidazole and tetracycline.
Managing prostatitis in the elderly.
Large diameter expanded polytetrafluoroethylene grafts for infrarenal aortic aneurysm surgery.
Campylobacter fetus infection of abdominal aortic aneurysm.
Wound infection following early repeat sternotomy for postoperative bleeding. An experience utilizing intraoperative irrigation with povidone iodine.
Infective endocarditis and an embolomycotic aneurysm in a 25-month-old child.
Antibody coated bacteria in urine of patients with recent spinal injury.
Computer-generated physician and patient reminders. Tools to improve population adherence to selected preventive services.
A phase II clinical trial of carboplatin infusion in high-risk acute nonlymphoblastic leukemia.
Nosocomial pneumonia in adult patients undergoing bone marrow transplantation: a 9-year study.
Person-to-person transmission of Brucella melitensis
Nd:YAG-laser in the microsurgery of frontobasal meningiomas.
Dexamethasone as an adjunct in oropharyngeal obstruction in a patient with leukemia.
Reactions of rat odontogenic tissues to heat.
Short course chemotherapy for childhood tuberculosis
A randomized trial of fully intermittent vs. daily followed by intermittent short course chemotherapy for childhood tuberculosis
Cefotaxime and aminoglycoside treatment of meningitis caused by gram-negative enteric organisms.
Utility of collecting blood cultures through newly inserted intravenous catheters.
A ten-year review of neonatal sepsis and comparison with the previous fifty-year experience.
Management of asymptomatic, term gestation neonates born to mothers treated with intrapartum antibiotics.
Syphilis. A new visit from an old enemy.
The butterfly rash and the malar flush. What diseases do these signs reflect?
The neurologic workup in patients with cervical spine disorders.
Lumbar puncture frequency and cerebrospinal fluid analysis in the neonate.
Acute osteomyelitis in children. Reassessment of etiologic agents and their clinical characteristics.
Pneumococcal osteomyelitis and arthritis in children. A hospital series and literature review.
Differences in expression of cystic fibrosis in blacks and whites.
Hemochromatosis and infection: alcohol and iron, oysters and sepsis.
Surgical removal of subfoveal neovascularization in the presumed ocular histoplasmosis syndrome.
Epidemiologic characteristics, predisposing factors, and etiologic diagnosis of corneal ulceration in Nepal.
Risks of intestinal anastomoses in Crohn's disease.
Metabolic changes in patients severely affected by tetanus.
Role of granulocyte elastase in tissue injury in patients with septic shock complicated by multiple-organ failure.
Valve replacement in patients with endocarditis and cerebral septic emboli.
Empyema thoracis: 14-year experience in a teaching center.
Acute rheumatic fever in West Virginia. Not just a disease of children.
Gonococcal osteomyelitis. Case report and review of the literature.
Studies of the route, magnitude, and time course of bacterial translocation in a model of systemic inflammation.
Fungal burn wound infection. A 10-year experience.
Effect of aerosolized fibrin solution on intraperitoneal contamination.
The epidemiologic features of nosocomial infections in patients with trauma.
The febrile alcoholic in the emergency department.
Perianal streptococcal cellulitis with penile involvement.
Neutrophil function and pyogenic infections in bone marrow transplant recipients.
Acute epididymitis: why patient and consort must be investigated.
A pilot study of intermediate-dose methotrexate and cytosine arabinoside, "spread-out" or "up-front," in continuation therapy for childhood non-T, non-B acute lymphoblastic leukemia. A Pediatric Oncology Group study.
The role of infection in the morbidity and mortality of patients with head and neck cancer undergoing multimodality therapy.
Once-daily intramuscular ceftriaxone in the outpatient treatment of severe community-acquired pneumonia in children [published erratum appears in Clin Pediatr (Phila) 1991 May;30(5):326]
Gastric epithelium in the duodenum: its association with Helicobacter pylori and inflammation.
Helicobacter pylori in dyspeptic patients in Kuwait.
Spontaneous bacterial peritonitis due to Salmonella enteritidis in cirrhotic ascites.
Total-hip arthroplasty: periprosthetic indium-111-labeled leukocyte activity and complementary technetium-99m-sulfur colloid imaging in suspected infection
Technetium-99m-human polyclonal IgG radiolabeled via the hydrazino nicotinamide derivative for imaging focal sites of infection in rats.
Management of infants at risk for occult bacteremia: a decision analysis.
Risk factors for multiorgan failure: a case-control study.
Improvement of septic syndrome after administration of recombinant human growth hormone (rhGH)?
Ureteric catheterization in the diagnosis of pyelonephritis--an experimental evaluation.
Fatal fungal pericarditis after cardiac surgery and immunosuppression.
Serological identification of Escherichia coli O157:H7 infection in haemolytic uraemic syndrome.
Antimicrobial resistance of pneumococci in children with acute lower respiratory tract infection in Pakistan
Mycobacterial infection after renal transplantation--report of 14 cases and review of the literature.
Bacteremia due to Escherichia coli: a study of 861 episodes.
Urinary tract infection caused by Corynebacterium group D2: report of 82 cases and review.
Modern chemotherapy for brucellosis in humans.
Extrapulmonary pneumocystosis: the first 50 cases.
Antifungal and surgical treatment of invasive aspergillosis: review of 2,121 published cases [published erratum appears in Rev Infect Dis 1991 Mar-Apr;13(2):345]
Severity of meningococcal disease: assessment by factors and scores and implications for patient management.
Nosocomial infections due to Xanthomonas maltophilia (Pseudomonas maltophilia) in patients with cancer.
Indigenous cases of Lyme disease diagnosed in North Carolina.
Anal submucosal injection: a new route for drug administration. VI. Chronic prostatitis: a new modality of treatment with report of eleven cases.
Spontaneous abortion.
Chronic upper lobe cavitary lung disease.
Colonoscopic fine needle aspiration cytology in the diagnosis of ileocecal tuberculosis.
Whipple's disease can mimic chronic AIDS enteropathy.
Disseminated Pneumocystis carinii infection with hepatic involvement in a patient with the acquired immune deficiency syndrome.
Etiology and pathophysiology of pyelonephritis.
Successful prophylaxis for fungal peritonitis in patients on continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis: six years' experience [published erratum appears in Am J Kidney Dis 1991 Jun;17(6):726]
Successful antepartum treatment of listeriosis.
A comparative study of gastrointestinal infections in United States soldiers receiving doxycycline or mefloquine for malaria prophylaxis.
A positron emission tomographic comparison of pulmonary vascular permeability during the adult respiratory distress syndrome and pneumonia.
Sepsis-induced lung injury and the effects of ibuprofen pretreatment. Analysis of early alveolar events via repetitive bronchoalveolar lavage.
The intracolonic bypass tube for left colon and rectal trauma. The avoidance of a colostomy.
Parapoxvirus infections acquired after exposure to wildlife.
Absence of bacteremia during nasal septoplasty.
Assessment of middle-ear status during experimental otitis media using magnetic resonance imaging.
Correlation of gross and microscopic appearance of skin buttons in total artificial heart animals.
The effects of three serotypes of Ureaplasma urealyticum on spermatozoal motility and penetration in vitro [published erratum appears in Fertil Steril 1991 Jun;55(6):1214]
Tumor necrosis factor-independent IL-6 production during murine listeriosis.
The effects of nonthyroid disease and drugs on thyroid function tests.
Mycobacterium chelonei keratopathy with visual rehabilitation by a triple procedure.
Ehrlichiosis in children.
Premature rupture of the membranes and sepsis in preterm neonates.
Detection of Streptococcus pneumoniae and Haemophilus influenzae type b antigens in the serum and urine of patients with pneumonia in Papua New Guinea: comparison of latex agglutination and counterimmunoelectrophoresis.
Bacterial colonization of the upper respiratory tract and its association with acute lower respiratory tract infections in Highland children of Papua New Guinea.
Diversity of outer membrane protein profiles of nontypable Haemophilus influenzae from children from Papua New Guinea and the Philippines.
Clinicopathologic studies of children who die of acute lower respiratory tract infections: mechanisms of death.
Etiologic, clinical, and pathologic analysis of 31 fatal cases of acute respiratory tract infection in Argentinian children under 5 years of age.
Etiologic and clinical evaluation of acute lower respiratory tract infections in young Argentinian children: an overview.
Acute lower respiratory tract infections in hospitalized patients with diarrhea in Dhaka, Bangladesh.
Diagnoses of acute lower respiratory tract infections in children in Rawalpindi and Islamabad, Pakistan.
Microbial agents associated with pneumonia in children from Uruguay.
Etiology of acute lower respiratory tract infection in children from Alabang, Metro Manila.
Acute respiratory tract infections among a birth cohort of children from Cali, Colombia, who were studied through 17 months of age.
Rational use of antibiotics in the critically ill patient.
Pathophysiology, monitoring, and management of the ventilator-dependent patient: considerations for drug therapy, emphasis on stress ulcer prophylaxis.
A prospective longitudinal study of observation versus surgical intervention in the management of necrotizing pancreatitis.
Lymphoproliferative responses to Borrelia burgdorferi in Lyme disease.
Aspergillus terreus endophthalmitis in a patient with chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
The incidence of ulcerative keratitis among aphakic contact lens wearers in New England.
Endophthalmitis from contaminated donor corneas following penetrating keratoplasty.
Chronic postoperative endophthalmitis associated with Actinomyces species.
Penetrating ocular injury from contaminated eating utensils.
Increase in native valve endocarditis caused by coagulase negative staphylococci: an Anglo-French clinical and microbiological study.
Early antibiotic treatment of reactive arthritis associated with enteric infections: clinical and serological study.
Effect of steroids on cerebrospinal fluid penetration of antituberculous drugs in tuberculous meningitis.
Endothelin immunoreactivity in mice with gram-negative bacteraemia: relationship to tumour necrosis factor-alpha.
Non-invasive assessment of the cardiovascular eicosanoids, thromboxane A2 and prostacyclin, in randomly sampled males, with special reference to the influence of inheritance and environmental factors.
Malassezia furfur fungemia associated with central venous catheter lipid emulsion infusion.
Failure of therapy with 2,3-dihydroxybenzoic acid to modify the course of sepsis-induced lung injury.
Cofactors in male-female sexual transmission of human immunodeficiency virus type 1.
The prevalence and incidence of clinical and asymptomatic Lyme borreliosis in a population at risk.
Randomized comparison of ceftriaxone and cefotaxime in Lyme neuroborreliosis.
Antipneumococcal activity of ciprofloxacin, ofloxacin, and temafloxacin in an experimental mouse pneumonia model at various stages of the disease.
Dependence among host response parameters used to diagnose urinary tract infection.
Comparison of functional activities between IgG1 and IgM class-switched human monoclonal antibodies reactive with group B streptococci or Escherichia coli K1.
Macrophage- and oxidant-mediated inhibition of the ability of live Blastomyces dermatitidis conidia to transform to the pathogenic yeast phase: implications for the pathogenesis of dimorphic fungal infections.
Three new serovars of Chlamydia trachomatis: Da, Ia, and L2a.
Molecular epidemiologic techniques in analysis of epidemic and endemic Shigella dysenteriae type 1 strains.
Combined use of released proteins and lipopolysaccharide in enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay for serologic screening of Yersinia infections.
Indium-111-labeled leukocyte scan in detection of synthetic vascular graft infection: the effect of antibiotic treatment.
Indium-111-chloride and three-phase bone scintigraphy: a comparison for imaging experimental osteomyelitis.
Roentgenologic features of pulmonary blastomycosis.
Children born to women with HIV-1 infection: natural history and risk of transmission. European Collaborative Study.
Association of Escherichia coli HEp-2 adherence patterns with type and duration of diarrhoea.
Fungal tracheobronchitis. Report of 9 cases and review of the literature.
Treatment of gram-negative bacteremia and septic shock with HA-1A human monoclonal antibody against endotoxin. A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. The HA-1A Sepsis Study Group
Doppler systolic-diastolic ratios in pregnancies complicated by syphilis.
Upper genital tract isolates at delivery as predictors of post-cesarean infections among women receiving antibiotic prophylaxis.
Evaluation of two rapid group B streptococcal antigen tests in labor and delivery patients.
Aerobic and anaerobic microbiologic factors and recovery of beta-lactamase producing bacteria from obstetric and gynecologic infection.
Lyme disease: neurologic and ophthalmic manifestations.
Improved results with combined donor-specific transfusion (DST) and sequential therapy protocol.
Topical vancomycin for the treatment of Staphylococcus epidermidis and methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus conjunctivitis.
Drugs for treatment of vulvovaginal candidiasis: comparative efficacy of agents and regimens.
Risk factors for nosocomial pneumonia after coronary artery bypass graft operations
Diagnosis of poststernotomy infection: comparison of three means of assessment.
Percutaneous balloon pulmonic valvuloplasty following treated endocarditis in a patient with congenital pulmonary valve stenosis.
Balloon valvuloplasty for fungal endocarditis induced stenosis of a bioprosthetic tricuspid valve.
Use of the Pediatric Risk of Mortality score to predict nosocomial infection in a pediatric intensive care unit.
Reliability of the bronchoscopic protected catheter brush in the diagnosis of pneumonia in mechanically ventilated patients.
Systemic and muscle oxygen uptake/delivery after dopexamine infusion in endotoxic dogs
Comparative study of Legionella pneumophila and other nosocomial-acquired pneumonias.
Adenosine deaminase in the diagnosis of tuberculous pleural effusions. A report of 218 patients and review of the literature.
Utility of bronchoscopic sampling techniques for cryptococcal disease in AIDS.
Endobronchial actinomycosis simulating bronchogenic carcinoma. Diagnosis by bronchial biopsy.
Gram-negative infection increases noninsulin-mediated glucose disposal.
Pathogenesis and pathophysiology of meningitis.
Bacterial meningitis in neonates and children.
Bacterial meningitis in adults.
General principles of therapy of pyogenic meningitis.
Spirochetal infection of the central nervous system.
Tuberculous meningitis.
Fungal meningitis.
Treatment of beta-hemolytic streptococcal pharyngitis with cefaclor or penicillin. Efficacy and interaction with beta-lactamase-producing organisms in the pharynx.
Terconazole for the treatment of vulvovaginal candidiasis.
Role of cephamycins in obstetrics and gynecology.
Role of new cephamycins in the management of obstetric and gynecologic infections.
The challenge of prophylaxis in cesarean section in the 1990s.
Cefmetazole and cefonicid. Comparative efficacy and safety in preventing postoperative infections after vaginal and abdominal hysterectomy.
Therapeutic dilemmas in the treatment of pelvic infections.
Improved detection of rotavirus shedding by polymerase chain reaction.
Changes in the differential white blood cell count in screening for group B streptococcal sepsis.
Sexually transmitted viral disease in women.
Klebsiella pneumonia in the modern era: clinicoradiographic correlations.
Adenotonsillectomy in children with sickle cell disease.
Reactional states in Hansen's disease: practical aspects of emergency management.
Preventing group B streptococcal infection in newborns.
Cytokines and glucocorticoids in the regulation of the "hepato-skeletal muscle axis" in sepsis.
Germfree animals and technics in surgical research.
An outbreak of tuberculosis in a shelter for homeless men. A description of its evolution and control.
Early post-treatment with pentoxifylline or dibutyryl cAMP attenuates Escherichia coli-induced acute lung injury in guinea pigs.
Hypersensitivity pneumonitis versus invasive pulmonary aspergillosis: two cases with unusual pathologic findings and review of the literature.
Culture-positive allergic fungal sinusitis.
Role of prophylactic antibiotics in uncontaminated neck dissections.
Pupil cycle time and early autonomic involvement in ocular leprosy.
Serological evidence of infection with Helicobacter pylori may predict gastrointestinal intolerance to non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) treatment in rheumatoid arthritis.
Diagnosis and prevalence of persistent chlamydia infection in infertile women: tissue culture, direct antigen detection, and serology.
Endoscopic and histologic appearance of the gastric mucosa in patients with portal hypertension.
Endoscopic findings in Yersinia enterocolitica enterocolitis.
Why aging leads to increased susceptibility to infection.
Helicobacter pylori infection rates in relation to age and social class in a population of Welsh men.
Mycobacterium paratuberculosis and Crohn's disease.
Brucellar and tuberculous spondylitis. A comparative study of their clinical features.
Spinal instability secondary to metastatic cancer.
Transarticular fixation for severely displaced supracondylar fractures in children.
Early complications in the operative treatment of ankle fractures. Influence of delay before operation.
The use of a tourniquet when plating tibial fractures.
Ureaplasma urealyticum chronic osteomyelitis in a patient with hypogammaglobulinemia.
Urinary nitrate excretion in relation to murine macrophage activation. Influence of dietary L-arginine and oral NG-monomethyl-L-arginine.
Septic shock and death due to occult sinusitis.
A cross-sectional study of a program for HIV infection control among public house workers.
Nosocomial Pseudomonas pickettii bacteremias traced to narcotic tampering. A case for selective drug screening of health care personnel
Protective efficacy of Haemophilus influenzae type b polysaccharide and conjugate vaccines in children 18 months of age and older.
Tick-borne borreliosis in west Africa.
Aerobic and anaerobic microbiology of acute suppurative parotitis.
A placebo-controlled trial of maintenance therapy with fluconazole after treatment of cryptococcal meningitis in the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome. California Collaborative Treatment Group.
Syphilitic meningomyelitis.
Amoxicillin treatment of bacterial vaginosis during pregnancy.
Clue cells in predicting infections after abdominal hysterectomy.
Recombinant fusion protein identified by lepromatous sera mimics native Mycobacterium leprae in T-cell responses across the leprosy spectrum.
Pyogenic spinal sepsis in adults.
Hepatomuscular failure in septic catabolism: altered muscular response to plasma proteolytic factor in decreased hepatic mitochondrial redox potential.
Initial results with slightly modified Kock pouch.
Group B streptococcus: an unusual cause of severe peritonitis in young children treated with continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis.
Mechanisms of hemolysis and anemia associated with acute antepartum pyelonephritis.
Phospholipase C activity in microorganisms associated with reproductive tract infection.
Delayed-onset pseudophakic endophthalmitis.
Immunoreactivity of anti-streptococcal monoclonal antibodies to human heart valves. Evidence for multiple cross-reactive epitopes.
Bacterial phagocytosis in obstructive jaundice. A microbiologic and electron microscopic analysis.
Evaluation of three techniques for documenting Staphylococcus epidermidis vascular prosthetic graft infections.
Effect of oxygen-free radical scavengers on survival in sepsis.
Transtracheal delivery of oxygen: efficacy and safety for long-term continuous therapy.
Clinical outcome of seriously ill surgical patients with intra-abdominal infection depends on both physiologic (APACHE II score) and immunologic (DTH score) alterations.
Diets enriched with N-3 fatty acids ameliorate lactic acidosis by improving endotoxin-induced tissue hypoperfusion in guinea pigs.
Adult overwhelming meningococcal purpura. A study of 35 cases, 1977-1989.
Humoral immunity in surgical patients with and without trauma.
Clinical spectrum of fungal infections after orthotopic liver transplantation.
Transient and distant infections alter later intraperitoneal abscess formation.
Pneumonia complicating abdominal sepsis. An independent risk factor for mortality.
Effect of dietary fish oil on plasma thromboxane B2 and 6-keto-prostaglandin F1 alpha levels in septic rats.
Diagnosis and treatment of cytomegalovirus disease in transplant patients based on gastrointestinal tract manifestations.
Hepatic extraction of indocyanine green is depressed early in sepsis despite increased hepatic blood flow and cardiac output.
Effects of high-dose IgG on survival of surgical patients with sepsis scores of 20 or greater.
Clostridium difficile disease in a department of surgery. The significance of prophylactic antibiotics.
Macrophage antigen presentation and interleukin 1 production after cecal ligation and puncture in C3H/HeN and C3H/HeJ mice.
Infection with HIV as a risk factor for adverse obstetrical outcome.
Six year follow up of infants with bacteriuria on screening.
Urodynamic morbidity and dysuria prophylaxis.
Local antibiotic delivery in the treatment of bone and joint infections.
A comparison between single and double dose intravenous Timentin for the prophylaxis of wound infection in elective colorectal surgery.
Colonic histoplasmosis in acquired immunodeficiency syndrome. Report of two cases.
A rare cause of colitis--Brucella melitensis. Report of a case.
High-protein ascites in patients with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Reconstruction of the chronically insufficient anterior cruciate ligament with the central third of the patellar ligament.
Prosthetic arthroplasty of the knee after resection of a sarcoma in the proximal end of the tibia. A report of sixteen cases.
Clinical and immunologic responses to Haemophilus influenzae type b-tetanus toxoid conjugate vaccine in infants injected at 3, 5, 7, and 18 months of age.
TestPack Chlamydia for chlamydial detection in physicians' offices.
Ibuprofen prevents deterioration in static transpulmonary compliance and transalveolar protein flux in septic porcine acute lung injury.
Splenectomy does not influence outcome of pneumococcal septicemia in a porcine model.
Intracranial bullet migration--a sign of brain abscess: case report.
Pulmonary aspergillosis in the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome
Abscess of the sphenoid sinus after transsphenoidal surgery.
Epidural tuberculoma of the spine: case report
Oral hairy leukoplakia in HIV infection: a diagnostic pitfall.
HIV infection: clinical features and treatment of thirty-three homosexual men with Kaposi's sarcoma.
Treatment of refractory oral candidiasis with fluconazole. A case report.
HIV infection in healthcare workers. How great is the risk? What can be done before and after exposure?
Fungal pulmonary infections after bone marrow transplantation: evaluation with radiography and CT.
Mycetoma: comparison of MR imaging with CT.
Bull horn injuries.
Late cholangitis after successful surgical repair of biliary atresia.
Factors affecting outcome in meningococcal infections.
Antibody responses to four Haemophilus influenzae type b conjugate vaccines.
Lyme disease: recommendations for diagnosis and treatment
Diagnosis of Lyme disease based on dermatologic manifestations.
Cerebrospinal fluid immune complexes in patients exposed to Borrelia burgdorferi: detection of Borrelia-specific and -nonspecific complexes.
Effect of rifabutin on disseminated Mycobacterium avium infections in thymectomized, CD4 T-cell-deficient mice.
Efficacy of short courses of oral novobiocin-rifampin in eradicating carrier state of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus and in vitro killing studies of clinical isolates.
Therapy of pulmonary nocardiosis in immunocompromised mice.
Ampicillin-resistant enterococcal species in an acute-care hospital.
Endogenous colonization by gentamicin-resistant gram-negative bacilli elaborating aminoglycoside (3)-5-acetyltransferase.
Increasing resistance of Staphylococcus aureus to ciprofloxacin.
Audit of results of operations for infantile pyloric stenosis in a district general hospital
Local infectious complications following large joint replacement in rheumatoid arthritis patients treated with methotrexate versus those not treated with methotrexate.
Cerebral circulation and metabolism in patients with septic encephalopathy.
Choroidal lesions in patients with AIDS.
Corneal sensitivity and correlations between decreased sensitivity and anterior segment pathology in ocular leprosy.
Influence of untreated chronic plastic iridocyclitis on intraocular pressure in leprosy patients.
Prevalence of Chlamydia trachomatis infection in women having cervical smear tests
Diagnosis of disease caused by Mycobacterium avium complex.
Reversible decrease of oxygen consumption by hyperoxia.
Miliary tuberculosis presenting as hepatic and renal failure.
Left atrial bacterial mural endocarditis.
Pleural Pneumocystis carinii infection.
Esophageal candidiasis in AIDS. Successful therapy with clotrimazole vaginal tablets taken by mouth.
Hageman factor-dependent kinin activation in burns and its theoretical relationship to postburn immunosuppression syndrome and infection.
Infection control in a burn center.
Diffuse-adhering Escherichia coli (DAEC) as a putative cause of diarrhea in Mayan children in Mexico.
Beta-lactam resistance mechanisms of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus.
Diagnosing Staphylococcus aureus endocarditis by detecting antibodies against S. aureus capsular polysaccharide types 5 and 8.
Extremely high incidence of antibiotic resistance in clinical isolates of Streptococcus pneumoniae in Hungary.
Serologic diagnosis of human ehrlichiosis using two Ehrlichia canis isolates.
Recombinant murine granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor augments neutrophil recovery and enhances resistance to infections in myelosuppressed mice.
Clinical disease, drug susceptibility, and biochemical patterns of the unnamed third biovariant complex of Mycobacterium fortuitum.
Susceptibility to invasive Haemophilus influenzae type b disease and the immunoglobulin G2m(n) allotype.
Role of tolerance in cloxacillin treatment of experimental Staphylococcus aureus endocarditis.
Serotypes of respiratory isolates of Streptococcus pneumoniae compared with the capsular types included in the current pneumococcal vaccine.
Effect of indomethacin on the pathophysiology of experimental meningitis in rabbits.
Urinary phenolic glycolipid 1 in the diagnosis and management of leprosy.
Yersinia enterocolitica O:3: an emerging cause of pediatric gastroenteritis in the United States. The Yersinia enterocolitica Collaborative Study Group.
Preexposure of the peritoneum to live bacteria increases later mixed intraabdominal abscess formation and delays mortality.
Nosocomial Legionnaires' disease and use of medication nebulizers.
Serum erythropoietin levels in the anaemia of chronic disorders.
Lag screw fixation of mandibular angle fractures.
Virola: a promising genus for ethnopharmacological investigation.
Definitions, classification, and clinical presentation of urinary tract infections.
Bacterial etiologic agents in the pathogenesis of urinary tract infection.
Host defense mechanisms in the pathogenesis of urinary tract infection.
Epidemiology and natural history of urinary tract infections in children.
The natural history of urinary infection in adults.
Laboratory in the diagnosis and management of urinary tract infections.
Management of urinary tract infections in children.
Management of acute uncomplicated urinary tract infection in adults.
Epidemiology, natural history, and management of urinary tract infections in pregnancy.
Special problems of urinary tract infection in the elderly.
Urinary tract infection in the impaired host.
Prostatitis.
Radiology of renal infection.
The role of the urologist in urinary tract infection.
The catheter and urinary tract infection.
Urinary tract infection: economic considerations.
Sexual transmission of human T-cell leukemia virus type I associated with the presence of anti-Tax antibody.
Relationship of transfusion and infectious complications after gastric carcinoma operations.
Mycobacteremia in acquired immune deficiency syndrome. Rapid diagnosis based on inclusions in the peripheral blood smear.
Issues in cerebrospinal fluid management. CSF Venereal Disease Research Laboratory testing.
Issues in cerebrospinal fluid management. Acid-fast bacillus smear and culture.
Plasma terminal complement complexes in acute poststreptococcal glomerulonephritis.
Acute glomerulonephritis in a patient with Rocky Mountain spotted fever.
Results of bronchoscopically obtained lower airway cultures from adult sickle cell disease patients with the acute chest syndrome.
Idiopathic neutropenia: antineutrophil antibodies and clinical correlations.
Hosts on which nymphal Ixodes ricinus most abundantly feed.
Postpartum amaurosis.
Closed suction drainage following knee arthroplasty. Effectiveness and risks.
Prevalence of antibody to Borrelia burgdorferi in children with juvenile rheumatoid arthritis.
Septic arthritis due to group C streptococcus: report and review of the literature.
Purulent pericarditis and cardiac tamponade caused by Nocardia asteroides in mixed connective tissue disease.
Spermatic cord for onlay coverage of urethral defect.
Improvement in the diagnosis of abscesses associated with endocarditis by transesophageal echocardiography
Candidal infection in oral lichen planus.
The office laboratory.
Antibiotics and infectious diseases.
Sexually transmitted diseases.
Infectious skin diseases.
Antibiotics for common infections in the elderly.
Incidence, causes and mechanism of hypercalcaemia in a hospital population in Hong Kong.
Enhancement of HIV-1 cytocidal effects in CD4+ lymphocytes by the AIDS-associated mycoplasma.
Use of plasmid profiles in the investigation of a patient with Helicobacter pylori infection and peptic ulcer disease.
Peritoneal blastomycosis.
Antistaphylococcal activities of teicoplanin and vancomycin in vitro and in an experimental infection.
Pharmacokinetics and tissue penetration of a single dose of ornidazole (1,000 milligrams intravenously) for antibiotic prophylaxis in colorectal surgery.
Comparative study of the effects of four cephalosporins against Escherichia coli in vitro and in vivo.
Nasal midline masses in infants and children. Dermoids, encephaloceles, and gliomas.
Cytomegalovirus diaper dermatitis.
The peritoneal environment during infection. The effect of monomicrobial and polymicrobial bacteria on pO2 and pH.
Elevated plasma endothelin-1 concentrations are associated with the severity of illness in patients with sepsis.
Hemodynamic effects of lobar pulmonary artery occlusion in a porcine sepsis model.
Thoracoscopic debridement and pleural irrigation in the management of empyema thoracis.
An unusual complication of cardiac transplantation--infected aortic pseudoaneurysm.
Candida pyelonephritis complicating traumatic C5 quadriplegia: diagnosis and management.
Effect of splenectomy on morbidity and survival following curative gastrectomy for carcinoma.
Cytologic diagnosis of aspergillosis in cardiac transplantation.
Nosocomial outbreak of cryptosporidiosis in AIDS patients.
Hemodialysis for acute renal failure in patients with hematologic malignancies.
Pulmonary artery occlusion-left atrial pressure gradient: an important factor in determining pulmonary venous vascular resistance in acute pulmonary failure.
Postoperative irrigation-suction drainage after pelvic colonic surgery. A prospective randomized trial.
Clostridium difficile--a common and costly colitis.
Vaccination with Legionella pneumophila membranes induces cell-mediated and protective immunity in a guinea pig model of Legionnaires' disease. Protective immunity independent of the major secretory protein of Legionella pneumophila.
Mycoplasma pulmonis infections cause long-lasting potentiation of neurogenic inflammation in the respiratory tract of the rat.
Rhodococcus infection of the skin with lymphadenitis in a nonimmunocompromised girl.
Successful treatment of disseminated cutaneous cytomegalic inclusion disease associated with Hodgkin's disease.
Group A streptococcal cellulitis-adenitis in a patient with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Patrick Watson-Williams and the concept of focal sepsis in the sinuses: an historical caveat for functional endoscopic sinus surgery.
Apparent increase in the incidence of invasive group A beta-hemolytic streptococcal disease in children.
Changes in cardiac function during extracorporeal membrane oxygenation for persistent pulmonary hypertension in the newborn infant.
Discriminate use of electrocautery on the median sternotomy incision. A 0.16% wound infection rate.
Cortisol response to corticotropin and survival in septic shock
Severity of cystic fibrosis in patients homozygous and heterozygous for delta F508 mutation.
Intracranial complications of paranasal sinusitis: a combined institutional review.
Managing skin infections in children.
Screening for sexually transmitted diseases by primary care physicians.
Community-acquired pulmonary infections in a public municipal hospital in the 1980s.
False-positive results in serologic tests for Rocky Mountain spotted fever during pregnancy.
Postanginal sepsis with dysphagia.
Profound papilledema due to cryptococcal meningitis in acquired immunodeficiency syndrome: successful treatment with fluconazole.
A case of neonatal tetanus.
Focal hepatic tuberculosis in a patient with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Stomatococcus mucilaginosus catheter-related infection in an adolescent with osteosarcoma.
Bacterial translocation from the gut impairs systemic immunity.
Bilateral emphysematous pyelonephritis.
Cephalosporins: rationale for clinical use.
Extraction of implanted transvenous pacing leads: a review of a persistent clinical problem.
Empiric antibiotic selection by physicians: evaluation of reasoning strategies.
Gonococcal endocarditis: twenty-five year experience.
A retrospective cohort study of the risk of tuberculosis among women of childbearing age with HIV infection in Zaire.
Plasma levels of tumor necrosis factor in the adult respiratory distress syndrome.
Oxygen supply and utilization relationships. A reevaluation.
Ciprofloxacin-resistant methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus in an acute-care hospital.
Improvement of amphotericin B activity during experimental cryptococcosis by incorporation into specific immunoliposomes.
Ceftriaxone-sulbactam combination in rabbit endocarditis caused by a strain of Klebsiella pneumoniae producing extended-broad-spectrum TEM-3 beta-lactamase.
Daptomycin compared with teicoplanin and vancomycin for therapy of experimental Staphylococcus aureus endocarditis.
In vitro activity of sparfloxacin (CI-978; AT-4140) for clinical Legionella isolates, pharmacokinetics in guinea pigs, and use to treat guinea pigs with L. pneumophila pneumonia.
Comparative in vitro and in vivo susceptibilities of the Lyme disease spirochete Borrelia burgdorferi to cefuroxime and other antimicrobial agents.
In vitro activity of LY264826, a new glycopeptide antibiotic, against gram-positive bacteria isolated from patients with cancer.
Outbreak of ceftazidime resistance caused by extended-spectrum beta-lactamases at a Massachusetts chronic-care facility.
Novel plasmid-mediated beta-lactamase (MIR-1) conferring resistance to oxyimino- and alpha-methoxy beta-lactams in clinical isolates of Klebsiella pneumoniae.
Effects of butenafine hydrochloride, a new benzylamine derivative, on experimental dermatophytosis in guinea pigs.
Effects of butenafine hydrochloride, a new benzylamine derivative, on experimental tinea pedis in guinea pigs.
In vitro activities of new antimicrobial agents against multiresistant Staphylococcus aureus isolated from septicemic patients during a Belgian national survey from 1983 to 1985.
Comparison of oral fluconazole and clotrimazole troches as treatment for oral candidiasis in patients infected with human immunodeficiency virus.
Handwashing and cohorting in prevention of hospital acquired infections with respiratory syncytial virus.
Characteristics of patients with syphilis attending Baltimore STD clinics. Multiple high-risk subgroups and interactions with human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Successful treatment of acquired immunodeficiency syndrome-related Mycobacterium avium complex disease with a multiple drug regimen including amikacin.
Flavimonas oryzihabitans (Pseudomonas oryzihabitans; CDC group Ve-2) bacteremia in the immunocompromised host.
Melioidosis. Forgotten, but not gone!
The surgical pathologist's role in liver transplantation.
The role of the clinical microbiology laboratory in transplantation.
Association of interleukin-2 therapy with staphylococcal bacteremia.
Meningeal carcinomatosis in breast cancer. Prognostic factors and influence of treatment.
Central nervous system involvement in patients with facial palsy due to borrelial infection.
Chlamydia trachomatis infections in children evaluated for sexual abuse.
Complications of flaps.
Immunological differentiation between neuroborreliosis and multiple sclerosis.
Decreased resistance and immune response to Escherichia coli infection in chicks with low or high intakes of vitamin A.
Oral manifestations of HIV infection and their management. I. More common lesions.
Complications of central venous catheters in pediatric patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Escherichia coli in patients with renal scarring: genotype and phenotype of Gal alpha 1-4Gal beta-, Forssman- and mannose-specific adhesins.
Evidence of infection with organisms producing Shiga-like toxins in household contacts of children with the hemolytic uremic syndrome.
Absence of interferon in sera of patients with Kawasaki syndrome.
Etiology of acute lower respiratory tract infections in Gambian children: I. Acute lower respiratory tract infections in infants presenting at the hospital.
Etiology of acute lower respiratory tract infections in Gambian children: II. Acute lower respiratory tract infection in children ages one to nine years presenting at the hospital.
Soft-tissue infections after trauma.
Infection or suspected infection after hip replacement surgery with autologous or homologous blood transfusions.
Tissue transplant-transmitted infections.
Bacterial prostatitis: new methods of treatment.
Current patterns in nosocomial urinary tract infections.
Ventriculitis in newborns with myelomeningocele.
Infection in the myelodysplastic syndromes.
Bacterial endocarditis presenting as acute myocardial infarction: a cautionary note for the era of reperfusion.
A randomized placebo-controlled trial of erythromycin for the treatment of Ureaplasma urealyticum to prevent premature delivery. The Vaginal Infections and Prematurity Study Group.
Antisperm antibodies to sperm surface antigens in women with genital tract infection.
Amniotic fluid glucose and intraamniotic infection.
Neonatal diarrhea at a maternity hospital in Rangoon
Pyogenic hepatic abscess.
Sonication provides maximal recovery of staphylococcus epidermidis from slime-coated vascular prosthetics.
Topical fibronectin in an alkali burn model of corneal ulceration in rabbits.
Proximity of the home to a cooling tower and risk of non-outbreak Legionnaires' disease.
Paediatric urolithiasis in Greece.
Clostridial bacteremia in cancer patients. A 12-year experience.
Neuroleptic malignant syndrome and Escherichia coli urosepsis.
Pulmonary compliance: early assessment of evolving lung injury after onset of sepsis.
Primary total knee arthroplasty in patients with psoriasis.
Elevated serum diiodotyrosine (DIT) in severe infections and sepsis: DIT, a possible new marker of leukocyte activity.
Ultrastructural demonstration of specific IgG and IgE antibodies binding to Aspergillus fumigatus from patients with aspergillosis.
Detection of a local staphylococcal infection in mice with technetium-99m-labeled polyclonal human immunoglobulin.
Imaging focal sites of bacterial infection in rats with indium-111-labeled chemotactic peptide analogs
Mycobacterial disease associated with HIV infection.
Controversies in the management of HIV-related illnesses.
Survey of antibiotic prophylaxis for intraoral orthognathic surgery.
Tuberculous epididymo-orchitis: diagnosis by fine needle aspiration.
Urothelial hyperplasia and neoplasia. III. Detection of nitrosamine production with different bacterial genera in chronic urinary tract infections of rats.
Lyme disease: clinical features, classification, and epidemiology in the upper midwest.
Detection of circulating candida enolase by immunoassay in patients with cancer and invasive candidiasis
Radiology of esophagitis: a pattern approach.
Ischemic intestinal complications in patients with burns.
Complications of indwelling central venous catheters in bone marrow transplant recipients.
Computed tomography for evaluation of puerperal infections.
Penetrating injuries to the stomach.
Potential HIV exposure in psychiatrically hospitalized adolescent girls.
Transmission of gram-negative bacilli to asthmatic children via home nebulizers.
Pathophysiology of Streptococcus pneumoniae otitis media: kinetics of the middle ear biochemical and cytologic host responses.
Cutaneous cellulitis.
Laryngeal involvement in disseminated coccidioidomycosis.
Changes in the postenteropathic form of the hemolytic uremic syndrome in children.
Intracatheter streptokinase for recurrent peritonitis in CAPD.
Pneumococcal peritonitis complicating CAPD--was the indwelling intrauterine device to blame?
Unique features of Helicobacter pylori disease in children.
Pathogenetic role of Helicobacter pylori in duodenal ulcer disease. Multivariate analysis of factors affecting relapse.
Gastroduodenal mucosal prostaglandin generation in patients with Helicobacter pylori before and after treatment with bismuth subsalicylate.
Eosinophil infiltration and degranulation in Helicobacter pylori-associated chronic gastritis.
Tuberculosis of the esophagus.
Generalized pustular psoriasis in childhood. Report of thirteen cases.
Nontuberculous mycobacterial infections of the skin. Report of fourteen cases and review of the literature.
A comparative study of terbinafine versus griseofulvin in 'dry-type' dermatophyte infections.
Treatment of complicated prosthetic aortic valve endocarditis with annular abscess formation by homograft aortic root replacement.
Endoscopy in the diagnosis of gastrointestinal Mycobacterium avium-intracellulare infection.
Human ehrlichiosis: a rickettsial disease associated with severe cholestasis and multisystemic disease.
Dilated cardiomyopathy associated with Chlamydia trachomatis infection.
Reevaluation of the ambulatory pediatric patient whose blood culture is positive for Haemophilus influenzae type b.
Frequency and severity of infections in day care: three-year follow-up.
Comparative efficacy of ceftriaxone and ampicillin for treatment of severe shigellosis in children.
Therapy for acute infectious diarrhea in children.
Etiology and mechanisms of acute infectious diarrhea in infants in the United States.
Heart and lung transplantation for terminal cystic fibrosis. A 4 1/2-year experience.
Excimer laser ablative treatment of microbial keratitis.
Infectious crystalline keratopathy. Role of nutritionally variant streptococci and other bacterial factors.
Nosocomial endophthalmitis survey. Current incidence of infection after intraocular surgery.
Mersilene tip implants in rhinoplasty: a review of 98 cases.
Fungal brain abscesses (aspergillosis/mucormycosis) in two immunosuppressed patients.
A case of Rhodococcus equi brain abscess.
Effect of the glucocorticoid receptor antagonist RU 38486 on muscle protein breakdown in sepsis.
Transient inhibition of neutrophil adherence with the anti-CD18 monoclonal antibody 60.3 does not increase mortality rates in abdominal sepsis.
A comparative evaluation of the safety and efficacy of cefotetan and cefoxitin in surgical prophylaxis.
Intravenous enalaprilat therapy for hypertension.
Successful treatment of neonatal Citrobacter freundii meningitis with ceftriaxone.
North American blastomycosis.
Fungal skin infections associated with animal contact.
Bartonellosis. An immunodepressive disease and the life of Daniel Alcides Carrion.
Molecular pathology and diagnosis of infectious diseases.
Cumulative AIDS incidence and altered mortality from mycobacterial disease: New Jersey.
Prospective study of nosocomial pneumonia and of patient and circuit colonization during mechanical ventilation with circuit changes every 48 hours versus no change.
Protected bronchoalveolar lavage. A new bronchoscopic technique to retrieve uncontaminated distal airway secretions.
The role of bacteria in pigment gallstone disease.
Surgeons, surgery, and immunomodulation.
Long-term results following surgical management of aortic graft infection.
Long-term follow-up of cemented total hip arthroplasty in rheumatoid arthritis.
Anaerobic osteomyelitis. A new experimental rabbit model.
Closure of a bronchopleural fistula with bronchoscopic instillation of tetracycline.
Blood lactate levels are superior to oxygen-derived variables in predicting outcome in human septic shock.
Hepatocellular carcinoma presenting with pyrexia and leukocytosis: report of five cases.
Mediastinitis after open heart surgery. Analysis of risk factors and management.
Epidemiology of asymptomatic bacteriuria in elderly women.
Epidemiology of ocular chlamydial infection in a trachoma-hyperendemic area.
Infection with Chlamydia pneumoniae in Brooklyn.
Urovirulence determinants in Escherichia coli isolates causing first-episode and recurrent cystitis in women.
Group B streptococcal C protein-associated antigens: association with neonatal sepsis.
Comparative protective activity of human monoclonal and hyperimmune polyclonal antibody against group B streptococci.
A model of pneumococcal pneumonia in chronically intoxicated rats.
Epidemiologic studies of group 9 pneumococci in terms of protein type and 9N versus 9V capsular type.
An experimental model of early central nervous system syphilis.
Pathogen-specific humoral response in Treponema pallidum-infected humans, rabbits, and guinea pigs.
The response of human peritoneal macrophages to stimulation with bacteria isolated from episodes of continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis-related peritonitis.
Detection and quantification of human immunodeficiency virus RNA in patient serum by use of the polymerase chain reaction.
Biochemical and genetic characterization of autoagglutinating phenotypes of Aeromonas species associated with invasive and noninvasive disease.
Duration of adult female Ixodes dammini attachment and transmission of Borrelia burgdorferi, with description of a needle aspiration isolation method.
Pneumococcal soft-tissue infections: possible association with connective tissue diseases [published erratum appears in J Infect Dis 1991 Jul;164(1):232]
Errors in reporting cervical screening among public health clinic patients.
Bacteriologic findings with ectopic pregnancy.
Successful treatment of infected thoracoabdominal aortic graft by percutaneous catheter drainage.
Neuro-ocular Lyme borreliosis.
Neuro-ophthalmic manifestations of human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Cells secreting antibodies to myelin basic protein in cerebrospinal fluid of patients with Lyme neuroborreliosis.
Follow-up of infants treated with extracorporeal membrane oxygenation for newborn respiratory failure.
Streptococcus pyogenes causing toxic-shock-like syndrome and other invasive diseases: clonal diversity and pyrogenic exotoxin expression.
Sexually transmitted parasitic diseases.
Percutaneous suction aspiration for osteomyelitis. Report of two cases.
A clinical study of acute gastrointestinal hemorrhage associated with various shock states.
A 20-minute breath test for helicobacter pylori.
The prevalence of Helicobacter pylori infection in the Peoples Republic of China.
Prosthetic valve endocarditis due to Cardiobacterium hominis occurring after upper gastrointestinal endoscopy.
The role of infections in the rheumatic diseases: molecular mimicry between bacterial and human stress proteins?
Aggressive Kaposi's sarcoma and campylobacter bacteremia in a female with transfusion associated AIDS.
Corneal ulcer and adverse reaction rates in premarket contact lens studies.
Infectious keratitis and cyanoacrylate adhesive.
Relative infectivity of Borrelia burgdorferi in Lewis rats by various routes of inoculation.
How long should catheter-acquired urinary tract infection in women be treated? A randomized controlled study.
Treatment of travelers' diarrhea: ciprofloxacin plus loperamide compared with ciprofloxacin alone. A placebo-controlled, randomized trial
Phenotypic expression of bronchoalveolar lavage cells in lung rejection and infection.
Diagnosis of hematogenous pyogenic vertebral osteomyelitis by magnetic resonance imaging.
Respiratory syncytial virus infections on an adult medical ward.
Chronic alcoholic gastritis. Roles of alcohol and Helicobacter pylori.
Amphotericin B vs high-dose ketoconazole for empirical antifungal therapy among febrile, granulocytopenic cancer patients. A prospective, randomized study.
Brucella optic neuritis.
Clinical evaluation of an algorithm for the interpretation of hyperamylasemia.
Fulminant pseudomonal keratitis and scleritis in human immunodeficiency virus-infected patients.
T cell proliferation induced by Borrelia burgdorferi in patients with Lyme borreliosis. Autologous serum required for optimum stimulation.
Intra-aortic balloon counterpulsation in newborn lambs infected with group B streptococcus.
Endophthalmitis after removal of an encircling band.
Risk of tuberculosis in patients with HIV-I and HIV-II infections in Abidjan, Ivory Coast.
Liver failure occurring as a component of exertional heatstroke.
Gastroduodenal mucosa in uraemia: endoscopic and histological correlation and prevalence of helicobacter-like organisms.
Symptoms and investigative findings in 145 patients with tuberculous peritonitis diagnosed by peritoneoscopy and biopsy over a five year period
Otogenic Fusobacterium necrophorum meningitis.
Disseminated zygomycosis associated with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Biotype as determinant of natural immunising effect of cholera.
Comparative efficacy of short-term versus long-term cefoxitin prophylaxis against postoperative infection after radical hysterectomy: a prospective study.
Diagnosis of chlamydial infection in pregnant women using the Testpack Chlamydia diagnostic kit.
Infection following strabismus surgery.
Prevention of complications in surgical management of back pain and sciatica.
Solitary pulmonary nodule: high-resolution CT and radiologic-pathologic correlation.
Crohn disease in the pediatric patient: CT evaluation.
Tracheobronchitis due to Corynebacterium pseudodiphtheriticum.
Pott's disease of the cervical spine.
Plasma tumour necrosis factor alpha in cystic fibrosis.
Pneumocystis carinii infection presenting as necrotizing thyroiditis and hypothyroidism.
Cladosporium trichoides cerebral phaeohyphomycosis in a liver transplant recipient. Report of a case.
Comparison of the Gen-Probe PACE 2 system, direct fluorescent-antibody, and cell culture for detecting Chlamydia trachomatis in cervical specimens.
HIV infection in an Ethiopian prison.
Hyperendemic urban blastomycosis.
Use of a medical center's computerized health care database for notifiable disease surveillance.
HIV infection among women entering the New York State correctional system.
Risk factors for infusion-related phlebitis with small peripheral venous catheters. A randomized controlled trial.
Mycobacterium kansasii: a cause of treatable pulmonary disease associated with advanced human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection.
Impact of dosage schedule on the efficacy of gentamicin, tobramycin, or amikacin in an experimental model of Serratia marcescens endocarditis: in vitro-in vivo correlation.
First-exposure adaptive resistance to aminoglycoside antibiotics in vivo with meaning for optimal clinical use.
Antibacterial activities in vitro and in vivo and pharmacokinetics of cefquinome (HR 111V), a new broad-spectrum cephalosporin.
Prospective study of Clostridium difficile intestinal colonization and disease following single-dose antibiotic prophylaxis in surgery.
Rifampin resistance of Legionella pneumophila is not increased during therapy for experimental Legionnaires disease: study of rifampin resistance using a guinea pig model of Legionnaires disease.
Failure of treatment with teicoplanin at 6 milligrams/kilogram/day in patients with Staphylococcus aureus intravascular infection. The Infectious Diseases Consortium of Oregon.
Bacterial meningitis following spinal anaesthesia for caesarean section.
Risk of peritonitis and fatal septicaemia and the need to defunction the low anastomosis.
Massive incisional hernia: abdominal wall replacement with Marlex mesh.
Immunologic and structural characterization of the dominant 66- to 73-kDa antigens of Borrelia burgdorferi.
Epitopes of group A streptococcal M protein shared with antigens of articular cartilage and synovium.
Human monoclonal antibodies specific for capsular polysaccharides of Klebsiella recognize clusters of multiple serotypes.
Characterization of an immunoreactive 93-kDa core protein of Borrelia burgdorferi with a human IgG monoclonal antibody.
Prevention of gram-positive infections after bone marrow transplantation by systemic vancomycin: a prospective, randomized trial.
Early-initiated zidovudine therapy prevents disease but not low levels of persistent retrovirus in mice.
The spectrum of Mycobacterium kansasii disease associated with HIV-1 infected patients.
Severe sepsis following extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy.
Reduced intravascular catheter infection by antibiotic bonding. A prospective, randomized, controlled trial.
Transmission of infectious diseases in outpatient health care settings.
Reduction of transmission of shigellosis by control of houseflies (Musca domestica).
Enterococcal endocarditis: a comparison of prosthetic and native valve disease.
Listeriosis in patients infected with human immunodeficiency virus.
Epidemiology, antimicrobial susceptibility, pathogenicity, and significance of Bacteroides fragilis group organisms isolated at Los Angeles County-University of Southern California Medical Center.
Pericardial actinomycosis: case report and review.
Rhodococcus equi infection in patients with and without human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Candida sepsis in pregnancy and the postpartum period.
Asymptomatic bacteriuria in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Nocardial meningitis: case reports and review.
The polymerase chain reaction: amplifying our options.
Extrapulmonary tuberculosis in an immigrant society: clinical and demographic aspects of 92 cases.
Peritonitis due to Rhizopus in a patient undergoing continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis.
A three-year study of positive blood cultures, with emphasis on prognosis.
Treatment of systemic sporotrichosis with ketoconazole.
Serotype distribution and antimicrobial resistance of Streptococcus pneumoniae isolates causing systemic infections in Spain, 1979-1989.
Haemophilus influenzae polyarthritis in an adult: an analysis of serotype b strains.
Manifestations of pulmonary cryptococcosis in patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Adverse reactions to prolonged treatment with high doses of carbenicillin and ureidopenicillins.
Necrotizing tracheitis caused by Corynebacterium pseudodiphtheriticum: unique case and review.
Characteristics of group A streptococcal bacteremia in patients at the San Bernardino County Medical Center [published erratum appears in Rev Infect Dis 1991 May-Jun;13(3):533]
Rhodococcus equi infection in the patient with AIDS: literature review and report of an unusual case.
The infusion center: a model for outpatient parenteral antibiotic therapy.
Selection and training of patients for outpatient intravenous antibiotic therapy.
A program of outpatient parenteral antibiotic therapy for serious pediatric bacterial infections.
Management of children with occult bacteremia who are treated in the emergency department.
Antibiotic management of outpatients with endocarditis due to penicillin-susceptible streptococci.
Chemoprophylaxis for bacterial infections: principles of and application to meningococcal infections.
Use of outpatient parenteral antibiotic therapy in a health maintenance organization.
Yersinia terminal ileitis: sonographic findings in eight patients.
An alternative strategy for infection control of anesthesia breathing circuits: a laboratory assessment of the Pall HME Filter.
Mycotic (Aspergillus) arteritis resulting in fatal subarachnoid hemorrhage: a case report.
Fungal sinusitis in immunocompromised children with neoplasms.
Effects of pentamidine alone and in combination with ketoconazole or itraconazole on the growth of Candida albicans.
Comparative in vitro and in vivo activities of six new monofluoroquinolone and difluoroquinolone 3-carboxylic acids with a 7-azetidin ring substituent.
Comparative efficacy of daptomycin, vancomycin, and cloxacillin for the treatment of Staphylococcus aureus endocarditis in rats and role of test conditions in this determination.
Treatment of bone, joint, and vascular-access-associated gram-positive bacterial infections with teicoplanin.
Penicillinase production and in vitro susceptibilities of Staphylococcus lugdunensis.
In vitro susceptibility of Mycobacterium avium complex to the new fluoroquinolone sparfloxacin (CI-978; AT-4140) and comparison with ciprofloxacin.
Pneumococcal bacterial tracheitis.
Salmonella meningitis and infection with HIV.
Effect of selective flora suppression on colonization, infection, and mortality in critically ill patients: a one-year, prospective consecutive study.
Resting energy expenditure in patients with pancreatitis.
Effect of nasogastric tubes on the nose and maxillary sinus.
Blood transfusion and oxygen consumption in surgical sepsis.
Effect of dobutamine on oxygen consumption and fluid and protein losses after endotoxemia.
Use of femoral venous catheters in critically ill adults: prospective study.
Peripheral vascular tone in sepsis
Cholesterol: a useful parameter for distinguishing between pleural exudates and transudates.
Epidemiology of extrapulmonary tuberculosis. A comparative analysis with pre-AIDS era.
Empyema thoracis. Factors influencing morbidity and mortality.
Continuous lateral rotational therapy and nosocomial pneumonia.
Epidemiology of Helicobacter pylori in an asymptomatic population in the United States. Effect of age, race, and socioeconomic status.
Helicobacter pylori-associated exaggerated gastrin release in duodenal ulcer patients. The effect of bombesin infusion and urea ingestion.
Long-term nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drug use and Helicobacter pylori infection.
Short-course versus long-course antibiotic treatment of spontaneous bacterial peritonitis. A randomized controlled study of 100 patients.
Serum tumor necrosis factor-alpha concentrations in children hospitalized for acute lower respiratory tract infection.
Human neutrophil responses to pathogenic Escherichia coli are receptor-specific and selectively augmented by recombinant human tumor necrosis factor-alpha.
Isolation of group 2 aerotolerant Campylobacter species from Thai children with diarrhea.
Pulsed-field gel electrophoresis of Campylobacter jejuni and Campylobacter coli genomic DNA and its epidemiologic application.
Diagnosis of pneumonia by cultures, bacterial and viral antigen detection tests, and serology with special reference to antibodies against pneumococcal antigens.
Improved amphotericin B activity by a monoclonal anti-Cryptococcus neoformans antibody: study during murine cryptococcosis and mechanisms of action.
Pooled human IgG hyperimmune for type III group B streptococci: evaluation against multiple strains in vitro and in experimental disease.
Anaerobic pathogenesis: collagenase production by Peptostreptococcus magnus and its relationship to site of infection.
Vancomycin added to empirical combination antibiotic therapy for fever in granulocytopenic cancer patients. European Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer (EORTC) International Antimicrobial Therapy Cooperative Group and the National Cancer Institute of Canada-Clinical Trials Group [published erratum appears in J Infect Dis 1991 Oct;164(4):832]
Evaluation of the immune response in protection against experimental Streptococcus defectivus endocarditis.
Changes in C-reactive protein associated with surgical treatment of mandibular fractures.
The transmandibular implant: a 13-year survey of its use.
Helper T-cell responses in children infected with human immunodeficiency virus type 1.
The effect of granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (G-CSF) upon burn-induced defective neutrophil chemotaxis.
Role of gastric colonization in the development of pneumonia in critically ill trauma patients: results of a prospective randomized trial.
Extra-anatomic bypass of failed traumatic arterial repairs.
Emergency treatment of headache.
Corneal phaeohyphomycosis caused by Wangiella dermatitidis.
Community-wide outbreak of group G streptococcal pharyngitis.
Temperature and total white blood cell count as indicators of bacteremia.
Serum transthyretin levels in patients with burn injury.
A comparison of polypropylene mesh and expanded polytetrafluoroethylene patch for the repair of contaminated abdominal wall defects--an experimental study.
A nationwide survey of antibiotic prescribing patterns and clinical outcomes in patients with bacterial pneumonia.
Mediastinal granuloma secondary to histoplasmosis.
Cryptococcal pleural effusion preceding cryptococcal meningitis in AIDS.
Salmonella myonecrosis in a patient with diabetes mellitus.
In vitro antimicrobial susceptibility testing for the newly identified AIDS-associated Mycoplasma. Mycoplasma fermentans (incognitus strain).
Spurious serologic test results in patients receiving infusions of intravenous immune gammaglobulin.
Invasive polymycotic pneumonia in an uncontrolled diabetic.
A new oral lavage solution vs cathartics and enema method for preoperative colonic cleansing.
Safety of surgical procedures performed by residents.
Does selective decontamination of the gastrointestinal tract prevent multiple organ failure? An experimental study.
Does the retrocecal position of the vermiform appendix alter the clinical course of acute appendicitis? A prospective analysis.
Bacterial translocation induces procoagulant activity in tissue macrophages. A potential mechanism for end-organ dysfunction.
Tumor necrosis factor and interleukin 1 appearance in experimental gram-negative septic shock. The effects of plasma exchange with albumin and plasma infusion.
Complications of percutaneous intra-aortic balloon pump use in patients with peripheral vascular disease.
Inguinal herniorrhaphy. Reduced morbidity by service standardization.
Effects of positive end-expiratory pressure on splanchnic circulation and function in experimental peritonitis.
Recognition, management, and prevention of Clostridium septicum abscess in immunosuppressed patients.
Use of prophylactic otic drops after tympanostomy tube insertion.
Bilateral nephrectomy before transplantation: indications, surgical approach, morbidity and mortality.
Hepatic phosphofructokinase-1 activity and fructose 2,6-bisphosphate levels in patients with abdominal sepsis.
Helicobacter pylori in children with peptic ulcer and their families.
Effect of omeprazole on duodenal ulcer-associated antral gastritis and Helicobacter pylori.
Diclofenac delays healing of gastroduodenal mucosal lesions. Double-blind, placebo-controlled endoscopic study in healthy volunteers.
Chlamydia trachomatis induces an inflammatory response in the male genital tract and is associated with altered semen quality.
Vitamin E supplementation does not improve survival from infection in mice when given after burn injury.
Dietary fat and infection in burned animals.
Initial dosage regimens of gentamicin in patients with burns.
An immunoinhibitory cell wall glycoprotein (mannan) from Trichophyton rubrum.
Endocarditis prophylaxis in a primary care clinic.
Detection of mediastinitis after heart transplantation by gallium-67 scintigraphy.
Incidence of campylobacteriosis among patients with AIDS in Los Angeles County.
Invasive aspergillosis in patients with HIV infection: report of two patients and a review of the literature.
Candida albicans septic arthritis and osteomyelitis of the sternoclavicular joint in a patient with human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Mixed cryoglobulinemia associated with chronic Q-fever.
Overwhelming fatal infection in a young woman after intravenous cyclophosphamide therapy for lupus nephritis.
Difluoromethylornithine therapy of female NZB/W mice.
Helicobacter pylori infection in intestinal- and diffuse-type gastric adenocarcinomas [published erratum appears in J Natl Cancer Inst 1991 Jun 19;83(12):881]
Oropharyngeal decontamination decreases incidence of ventilator-associated pneumonia. A randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind clinical trial.
Cholera--New Jersey and Florida.
Primary and secondary syphilis--United States, 1981-1990.
Epidemic early syphilis--Escambia County, Florida, 1987 and July 1989-June 1990.
T cells and trachoma. Their role in cicatricial disease.
Treatment of bacterial skin and soft tissue infections.
A critical look at scheduled relaparotomy for secondary bacterial peritonitis.
Antibiotic therapy of intra-abdominal sepsis in the elderly: experience with ticarcillin and clavulanic acid.
Developmen
