Changing indications for penetrating keratoplasty in Vancouver, 1978-87.
Is corneal deposition of antimalarial any indication of retinal toxicity?
The management of chalazion: a survey of Ontario ophthalmologists.
Sarcoidosis of the eyelid skin.
Clinical prognostic factors in patients with posterior uveal malignant melanoma.
Ocular complications of rheumatic diseases of childhood.
Thromboxane A2-mimetics are potent microvascular permeability factors in the conjunctiva.
Retinal degeneration in the rd mouse is caused by a defect in the beta subunit of rod cGMP-phosphodiesterase
Cytomegalovirus-induced osteomyelitis in a patient with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Cavernous-carotid thrombosis and ocular motor paresis
Retinal infarction during sleep and wakefulness.
Toxoplasmic chorioretinitis and hepatic granulomas.
Linkage relationship of X-linked juvenile retinoschisis with Xp22.1-p22.3 probes.
Rapidly progressive outer retinal necrosis in the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome
Crohn's disease and retinal vascular disease.
Vitrectomy retinotomy aspiration biopsy of choroidal tumors
Magnetic resonance imaging in the evaluation of vitreoretinal disease in eyes with intraocular silicone oil.
Histopathologic study of the Molteno glaucoma implant in three patients.
Correlations of acoustic tissue typing of malignant melanoma and histopathologic features as a predictor of death.
Successful medical management of Acanthamoeba keratitis
Successful treatment of recurrent corneal erosion with Nd:YAG anterior stromal puncture
A clinical triad to diagnose paraneoplastic retinopathy.
Vision screening in a primary care setting. A missed opportunity?
Multicenter trial of cryotherapy for retinopathy of prematurity. One-year outcome--structure and function. Cryotherapy for Retinopathy of Prematurity Cooperative Group.
Echographic features of the Vogt-Koyanagi-Harada syndrome.
Clinical and morphometric results of penetrating keratoplasty with one-piece anterior-chamber or suture-fixated posterior-chamber lenses in the absence of lens capsule.
Botulinum vs adjustable suture surgery in the treatment of horizontal misalignment in adult patients lacking fusion.
Relationship of drusen and abnormalities of the retinal pigment epithelium to the prognosis of neovascular macular degeneration. The Macular Photocoagulation Study Group.
Metastatic carcinoma to the retina. Clinicopathologic findings in two cases.
Human immunodeficiency virus-associated psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis, and Reiter's syndrome: a disease continuum?
Fluorosilicone oil in the treatment of retinal detachment.
A survey of the initial referral of children to an ophthalmology department.
Aqueous humour and serum zinc and copper concentrations of patients with glaucoma and cataract.
Topical timolol and serum lipoproteins.
Cytopathology of adenovirus keratitis by replica technique.
Pupillary responses in amblyopia.
Multifocal posterior uveitis: clinical and pathological findings.
Linear scleroderma associated with ptosis and motility disorders.
Homocystinuria presenting as central retinal artery occlusion and longstanding thromboembolic disease.
Chickenpox chorioretinitis.
Choroidal osteoma (osseous choristoma): an atypical case.
Abnormal redox status without increased lipid peroxidation in sugar cataract.
Traumatic asphyxia.
Immunotherapy abrogates the generation of eosinophil and neutrophil chemotactic activity during pollen season.
Glaucoma screening: too little, too late?
Nonrandom chromosomal abnormalities in primary uveal melanoma.
Visual impairment in a rural Appalachian community. Prevalence and causes.
Extrapulmonary pneumocystosis: clinical features in human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Whither short-course chemotherapy for tuberculous meningitis?
Chronic Lyme disease with an expansive granulomatous lesion in the cerebellopontine angle.
Overnight admission of outpatient strabismus patients.
Vitreous changes and macular edema in central retinal vein occlusion.
Management of macular puckers associated with retinal angiomas.
Experience with photocoagulation in Behcet's disease.
Increase of neuroretinal rim area after surgical intraocular pressure reduction.
Evaluation of visual fields by ophthalmologists and by OCTOSMART program.
Fluorescein angiography in ciliary body melanomas.
Unusual exudative retinal detachment 9 months after scleral buckling surgery.
Comparative study of different techniques of intraocular gas tamponade in the treatment of retinal detachment due to macular hole.
Intraoperative massive suprachoroidal hemorrhage during pars plana vitrectomy.
Autosomal dominant neovascular inflammatory vitreoretinopathy.
HLA associations and ancestry in Vogt-Koyanagi-Harada disease and sympathetic ophthalmia.
Acquired retinal arteriovenous communications in occlusive disease of the carotid artery.
Clinical spectrum of leber's congenital amaurosis in the second to fourth decades of life.
Crystalline cataract and uncombable hair. Ultrastructural and biochemical findings.
Bilateral keloid-like myofibroblastic proliferations of the cornea in children.
Glaucomatous optic nerve atrophy in small discs with low cup-to-disc ratios
Unilateral mydriasis caused by transdermal scopolamine.
Assessing acquired ocular diseases.
The use of conchal cartilage graft in involutional entropion.
Long-term results following 131I treatment for Graves' disease in Hong Kong Chinese--discriminant factors predicting hypothyroidism.
Primary meningococcal conjunctivitis: report of 21 patients and review.
A mouse model of the aniridia-Wilms tumor deletion syndrome.
Cataract extraction in uveitis patients.
Ocular disease associated with Epstein-Barr virus infection.
Antibodies in human tears during and after infection.
Disc swelling in an adult diabetic patient [clinical conference]
Caspar Stromayr: sixteenth century ophthalmologist.
Pseudoexfoliative fibrillopathy in the skin of patients with ocular pseudoexfoliation.
Cholesterol localization in ultrathin frozen sections in Schnyder's corneal crystalline dystrophy.
Traumatic enucleation for posterior uveal melanoma.
A randomized study of methanol-extraction residue of bacille Calmette-Guerin as postsurgical adjuvant therapy of uveal melanoma.
The value of nucleolar organizer regions in uveal melanoma. The Collaborative Ocular Melanoma Study Group.
Orbital intramuscular schwannoma.
Immunohistologic properties of benign and malignant mixed tumor of the lacrimal gland.
South American blastomycosis: ophthalmic and oculomotor nerve lesions.
Thyrotoxicosis induced by topical iodine application.
Association of labial salivary gland histopathology with clinical and serologic features of connective tissue diseases.
Prophylaxis of aphakic cystoid macular edema without corticosteroids. A paired-comparison, placebo-controlled double-masked study.
Sports-related ocular trauma.
Ki-67 immunostaining in uveal melanoma. The effect of pre-enucleation radiotherapy.
Ocular syphilis.
Acute syphilitic posterior placoid chorioretinitis.
Indications and results of relaxing retinotomy.
Extensive peripheral retinectomy combined with posterior 360 degrees retinotomy for retinal reattachment in advanced proliferative vitreoretinopathy cases.
Experimental retinal branch vein occlusion in miniature pigs induces local tissue hypoxia and vasoproliferative microangiopathy.
Longitudinal study of lesions of the posterior segment in onchocerciasis.
Toxoplasma gondii retinochoroiditis and optic neuritis in acquired immune deficiency syndrome. Report of a case.
Computed tomography in the assessment of the postenucleation socket syndrome.
Lateral wall advancement in orbital decompression.
Assessment of tear drainage after canalicular obstruction using fluorescein dye disappearance.
Seven hundred medicolegal cases in ophthalmology.
Graves orbitopathy: correlation of CT and clinical findings.
Epiphora: treatment by means of dacryocystoplasty with balloon dilation of the nasolacrimal drainage apparatus
Outpatient management of traumatic microhyphemas.
Ocular atopy and mycotic keratitis.
Intraocular foreign bodies: results of 27 cases.
Intraocular lens complications.
Endophthalmitis due to Sporothrix schenckii after penetrating ocular injury.
Effect of local anesthesia and ocular massage on central corneal curvature.
The influence of prior therapy on the success of trabeculectomy.
Early intraocular pressure rise after trabeculectomy.
Serous retinal detachment following glaucoma filtering surgery.
The macular photostress test in diabetic retinopathy and age-related macular degeneration.
Surgical techniques and reattachment rates in retinal detachment due to macular hole.
Graves' ophthalmopathy. Correlation of saccadic eye movements with age, presence of optic neuropathy, and extraocular muscle volume.
Antibodies to Epstein-Barr virus in iridocorneal endothelial syndrome.
Vitreous amyloidosis associated with homozygosity for the transthyretin methionine-30 gene.
Metastatic ciliary body carcinoid tumor.
Hydrogen peroxide localization in experimental optic neuritis.
Whitnall's sling for poor function ptosis.
Congenital myasthenia associated with facial malformations in Iraqi and Iranian Jews. A new genetic syndrome.
The anatomical basis of the caecocentral scotoma. New observations and a review.
Echocardiographic evaluation of patients with clinically suspected arterial emboli.
Sensory visual testing in idiopathic intracranial hypertension: measures sensitive to change.
Immunohistologic study of epiretinal membranes in proliferative vitreoretinopathy.
Identification of Toxoplasma gondii in paraffin-embedded sections by the polymerase chain reaction.
Epiretinal membrane contracture associated with macular prolapse.
Experimental endoretinal biopsy.
Acanthamoeba keratitis associated with disposable contact lenses.
Ocular injury induced by methyl ethyl ketone peroxide.
Topical use of cyclosporine in the treatment of vernal keratoconjunctivitis.
Anisocoria in the pigmentary dispersion syndrome
Glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency and cataract of patients in northern Sardinia.
Laser placement in noncontact Nd:YAG cyclophotocoagulation.
Ocular movements in essential blepharospasm.
Antibiotic therapy for Bacillus species infections.
Extraorbital use of a disinserted superior oblique as a sling in third nerve palsy: a new single-stage surgical technique.
Anterior segment ischemia: a complication of retinal detachment repair in a patient with sickle cell trait.
Central retinal artery obstruction in herpes zoster ophthalmicus and cerebral vasculopathy.
Nylon suture toxicity after vitrectomy surgery.
Contact transscleral laser cyclocoagulation in glaucoma.
Conjunctival involvement in pemphigus vulgaris: a clinical, histopathological and immunofluorescence study.
A miniaturized vitrectomy system for vitreous and retinal biopsy.
Lens opacity as a predictor of visual field impairment due to cataract.
Orbital compartment syndrome. Direct measurement of orbital tissue pressure: 1. Technique.
Possible significance of cilioretinal arteries in low-tension glaucoma.
Recession of the superior oblique tendon in A-pattern strabismus.
Angle-closure glaucoma as initial presentation of myelodysplastic syndrome.
Nonpigmented congenital iris stromal cyst.
Matched group study of surgical resection versus cobalt-60 plaque radiotherapy for primary choroidal or ciliary body melanoma.
Glaucoma secondary to epithelial downgrowth and 5-fluorouracil.
Use of a symblepharon ring for treatment of over-filtration and leaking blebs after glaucoma filtration surgery.
Hemihang-back recession: description of the technique and review of the literature.
Scleral buckle revision to treat recurrent rhegmatogenous retinal detachment.
Posterior horizontal and vertical tightening to treat combined punctal ectropion with medial canthal tendon laxity.
Learning curve for radial keratotomy.
Endophthalmitis after placement of a Molteno implant.
Role of communities in decision-making eye care programs.
Visual results and complications of transsclerally sutured intraocular lenses in penetrating keratoplasty.
Ocular trauma caused by exploding glass bottles containing dry ice and water.
Techniques of adjustable suture strabismus surgery.
Phacofragmentation of a hard lens nucleus in the posterior segment.
Severe anterior segment inflammation following corneal surgery for keratoconus.
A new ophthalmic microtrephine.
The viscous fluid pump.
The South Karelia Air Pollution Study. The effects of malodorous sulfur compounds from pulp mills on respiratory and other symptoms.
Sudden death associated with undiagnosed Graves' disease.
Parasympathetic nervous system activity in hypothyroidism determined by R-R interval variations on electrocardiogram.
The spondyloarthropathies in Zimbabwe: a clinical and immunogenetic profile.
Haemophilus influenzae: an important cause of maternal and neonatal infections.
The Glaucoma Laser Trial (GLT). 2. Results of argon laser trabeculoplasty versus topical medicines. The Glaucoma Laser Trial Research Group
The use of Molteno implant and anterior chamber tube shunt to encircling band for the treatment of glaucoma in keratoplasty patients.
Assessment of cataracts from photographs in the Beaver Dam Eye Study.
Botulinum treatment of childhood strabismus.
Nystagmus in Down's syndrome.
Posterior infectious crystalline keratopathy with Staphylococcus epidermidis.
Intraocular lens implantation after penetrating keratoplasty. Improved unaided visual acuity, astigmatism, and safety in patients with combined corneal disease and cataract.
Ocular rosacea. A histologic and immunopathologic study.
Rhabdomyosarcoma of the ciliary body.
Cystic adenoma of the pigmented ciliary epithelium. Clinical, pathologic, and immunohistopathologic findings.
Results of blepharoptosis surgery with early postoperative adjustment.
Orbital complications secondary to endoscopic sinus surgery.
Retained intraocular foreign bodies and endophthalmitis.
Long-term visual outcome in patients with optic nerve pit and serous retinal detachment of the macula
Visual prognosis correlated with the presence of internal-limiting membrane in histopathologic specimens obtained from epiretinal membrane surgery.
Semiconductor diode laser photocoagulation in retinal vascular disease.
The repair of rhegmatogenous retinal detachments. American Academy of Ophthalmology.
Neuroophthalmologic effects of intravenous magnesium sulfate.
The pretear characteristics of pigment epithelial detachments. A study of 40 eyes.
Retinal pigment epithelial tears through the fovea with preservation of good visual acuity.
Threshold perimetry in tilted disc syndrome.
Removal of radiation-induced cataracts in patients treated for retinoblastoma.
Pars plana vitrectomy for acute retinal detachment in penetrating ocular injuries.
Topical fibronectin and aprotinin for keratectomy wound healing in rabbits.
Inflammatory mediators in postoperative aphakic and pseudophakic baboon eyes.
A new ophthalmic electronic videoendoscope system for intraocular surgery.
The potential for mental status changes associated with systemic absorption of anticholinergic ophthalmic medications: concerns in the elderly.
Pathophysiologic effect of interleukin-1b in the rabbit retina.
Eyelid movements before and after botulinum therapy in patients with lid spasm.
Antihistone antibodies in antinuclear antibody-positive juvenile arthritis.
Basal cell carcinoma arising in pemphigus vulgaris of the lower eyelid.
Allergen dose response and late symptoms in a human model of ocular allergy.
Elevated serum concentrations of IgE antibodies to environmental antigens in HIV-seropositive male homosexuals.
Absence of retroviral sequences in Graves' disease.
Clinical and magnetic resonance imaging in optic neuritis.
Dysgeusia, gustatory sweating, and crocodile tears syndrome induced by a cerebellopontine angle meningioma.
Radiculomegaly of canines and congenital cataracts--a syndrome?
Scientific basis for medical therapy of cataracts by antioxidants.
A possible role for vitamins C and E in cataract prevention.
Epidemiologic evidence of a role for the antioxidant vitamins and carotenoids in cataract prevention.
Causes of failure after repeat vitreoretinal surgery for recurrent proliferative vitreoretinopathy.
Prevalence of lattice degeneration and its relation to axial length in severe myopia.
Signs, complications, and platelet aggregation in familial exudative vitreoretinopathy.
Photic retinal injury from endoillumination during vitrectomy.
Light damage in detached retina.
Correlation between intraocular pressure control and progressive glaucomatous damage in primary open-angle glaucoma.
A new method for documenting lens opacities.
Surgical management of oculomotor nerve palsy
Causes of failure after initial vitreoretinal surgery for severe proliferative vitreoretinopathy.
Epidemiologic characteristics, predisposing factors, and etiologic diagnosis of corneal ulceration in Nepal.
Herpes zoster ophthalmicus and iris cysts.
Blunt ocular trauma secondary to "war games".
Aphakic visual fields by automated perimetry.
Childhood blindness in Peru.
The predictability of infant visual-evoked response testing on future visual acuity.
Clear ultraviolet blocking lenses for use by PUVA patients.
Multidisciplinary treatment of primary orbital rhabdomyosarcoma. A single-institution experience.
Heterogeneity of autoantibodies against thyroid peroxidase in autoimmune thyroid disease: evidence against antibodies directly inhibiting peroxidase activity as regulatory factors in thyroid hormone metabolism.
Ulcerative colitis and giant cell arteritis associated with sensorineural deafness
The natural history of non-arteritic anterior ischaemic optic neuropathy.
Visual evoked potential monitoring of optic nerve function during surgery.
Sick building syndrome.
Orbital inflammatory disease associated with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Pharmacokinetics of ganciclovir in a patient undergoing hemodialysis.
Graves' disease. Current concepts.
The ophthalmopathy of Graves' disease.
Lower eyelid retraction: a minimal incision surgical approach to retractor lysis.
A method for performing full-thickness, orthotopic, penetrating keratoplasty in the mouse.
Glaucoma triple procedures: efficacy of intraocular pressure control and visual outcome.
Cyclocryotherapy in selected cases of congenital glaucoma.
Pressure-curve variations after trabeculectomy for chronic primary open-angle glaucoma.
Mycobacterium chelonei keratopathy with visual rehabilitation by a triple procedure.
Aminocaproic acid prophylaxis in traumatic hyphema.
Factors associated with delay in diagnosis of childhood amblyopia.
Differentiation of detached retina and vitreous membrane with color flow Doppler.
Pterygia: single-fraction postoperative beta irradiation.
Aspergillus terreus endophthalmitis in a patient with chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
The incidence of ulcerative keratitis among aphakic contact lens wearers in New England.
Limitation of retinal injury by vitreoperfusion initiated after onset of ischemia.
Acepromazine. Effects on intraocular pressure.
Exudative retinal detachment after photodynamic injury.
Conjunctival retraction suture for fornix adjustable strabismus surgery.
Multiple-dose, dose-response relationship for the topical carbonic anhydrase inhibitor MK-927.
Multiple-dose efficacy comparison of the two topical carbonic anhydrase inhibitors sezolamide and MK-927.
Endophthalmitis from contaminated donor corneas following penetrating keratoplasty.
Chronic postoperative endophthalmitis associated with Actinomyces species.
Penetrating ocular injury from contaminated eating utensils.
Systemic sulfonamides as a cause of bilateral, anterior uveitis.
The relationship of visual acuity, refractive error, and pupil size after radial keratotomy.
Clinically detectable nerve fiber atrophy precedes the onset of glaucomatous field loss.
Characteristics of oculomotor disorders of a family with Joseph's disease.
Radiation safety considerations for post-iodine-131 hyperthyroid therapy.
Treatment of exophthalmos.
Clinical features and natural history of von Hippel-Lindau disease
Vision despite tomographic absence of the occipital cortex.
Lyme disease: neurologic and ophthalmic manifestations.
Systemic drug interactions with topical glaucoma medications.
When do optic disc edema and peripheral neuropathy constitute poetry? [clinical conference]
Fifty years in ophthalmology.
Topical vancomycin for the treatment of Staphylococcus epidermidis and methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus conjunctivitis.
When is it safe to stop patching?
Peripheral contrast sensitivity in glaucoma and ocular hypertension.
Precapsular film on the aging human lens: precursor of pseudoexfoliation?
Pathogenesis of corneal oedema associated with herpetic eye disease.
Randomised single blind trial to compare the toxicity of subconjunctival gentamicin and cefuroxime in cataract surgery.
Is thioridazine retinopathy progressive? Relationship of pigmentary changes to visual function.
Diode laser trabeculoplasty (DLT) for primary open-angle glaucoma and ocular hypertension.
Infectious mononucleosis presenting as bilateral acute dacryocystitis.
Infestation of extraocular muscle by Cysticercus cellulosae.
A century of cerebral achromatopsia.
Ocular muscle proprioception and visual localization of targets in man.
Serum gastrin and blood glucose levels during halothane-nitrous oxide anaesthesia and strabismus surgery in children.
Antiemetic prophylaxis with promethazine or droperidol in paediatric outpatient strabismus surgery.
Oculo-bulbar myasthenic symptoms as the sole sign of tumour involving or compressing the brain stem.
Progressive inflammatory lesions of the brain parenchyma in localized scleroderma of the head.
Nasolacrimal obstruction after inferior meatus nasal antrostomy.
Traumatic retinal detachment.
Course of diabetic retinopathy following cataract surgery
Audit of an ophthalmology waiting list.
Anisocoria in unilateral ophthalmic disease.
Long-term efficacy of primary laser trabeculoplasty.
Pupil cycle time and early autonomic involvement in ocular leprosy.
Electrophysiology and colour perimetry in dominant infantile optic atrophy.
Decalcification of a choroidal osteoma.
Care of diabetic patients by optometrists in New York State.
The course of biochemical parameters of bone turnover during treatment with corticosteroids.
Mast cell numbers and staining characteristics in the normal and allergic human conjunctiva.
Acetazolamide-associated aplastic anaemia.
Epidermal nevus syndrome: a neurologic variant with hemimegalencephaly, gyral malformation, mental retardation, seizures, and facial hemihypertrophy.
Photoreceptor peripherin is the normal product of the gene responsible for retinal degeneration in the rds mouse.
A comparison of penetrating keratoplasty to epikeratoplasty in the surgical management of keratoconus.
Posterior chamber intraocular lens implantation in eyes with inactive and active proliferative diabetic retinopathy.
Delayed-onset pseudophakic endophthalmitis.
Extracapsular cataract extraction with intraocular lens implantation after scleral buckling surgery.
Quantitative analysis of lens changes after vitrectomy by fluorophotometry.
Comparison of a 3- and 6-mm incision in combined phacoemulsification and trabeculectomy.
Visual recovery in patients with optic neuritis and visual loss to no light perception.
Reproducibility of topographic measurements of the normal and glaucomatous optic nerve head with the laser tomographic scanner.
Mucogenic secondary open-angle glaucoma in diffuse epithelial ingrowth treated by block-excision.
Giant cell arteritis. A case with unusual neurologic manifestations and a normal sedimentation rate.
Falls in elderly patients with glaucoma.
Loculated fluid. A previously undescribed fluorescein angiographic finding in choroidal neovascularization associated with macular degeneration. Macular Photocoagulation Study Reading Center.
Lipomatous hamartoma of the orbit.
The Lens Opacities Case-Control Study. Risk factors for cataract.
Low-dose aspirin and risks of cataract in a randomized trial of US physicians.
Exposure to phenothiazine drugs and risk of cataract.
Detection of herpesvirus DNA in vitreous and aqueous specimens by the polymerase chain reaction.
Effects of antiflammins on endotoxin-induced uveitis in rats.
Autogenous fascial grafts for exposed retinal buckles.
HIV infection is not associated with Reiter's syndrome: data from the Johns Hopkins Multicenter AIDS Cohort Study.
Retinopathy of prematurity in infants with cyanotic congenital heart disease.
Prevalence of angioid streaks and other ocular complications of Paget's disease of bone.
How large must an iridotomy be?
A longitudinal study of children with a family history of strabismus: factors determining the incidence of strabismus.
The association of Fuchs's corneal endothelial dystrophy with axial hypermetropia, shallow anterior chamber, and angle closure glaucoma.
Effect of a beta-blocker on altered body position: induced ocular hypertension.
A functional vagotomy induced by unilateral forced right nostril breathing decreases intraocular pressure in open and closed angle glaucoma.
Choroidal lesions in patients with AIDS.
A case of cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis. II: The sterol content of a cataractous lens.
Injector for highly viscous silicone oil.
Anisometropic and strabismic amblyopia in the age group 2 years and above: a prospective study of the results of treatment.
Corneal sensitivity and correlations between decreased sensitivity and anterior segment pathology in ocular leprosy.
Influence of untreated chronic plastic iridocyclitis on intraocular pressure in leprosy patients.
Flecked retina associated with ring 17 chromosome.
Postural studies in pulsatile ocular blood flow: I. Ocular hypertension and normotension.
Postural studies in pulsatile ocular blood flow: II. Chronic open angle glaucoma.
Seroprevalence of antibodies to HTLV-I in patients with ocular disorders.
Prognostic significance of the pattern visual evoked potential in ocular hypertension.
Ocular defects in infants of extremely low birth weight and low gestational age.
Laser photocoagulation control of diabetic macular oedema without fluorescein angiography.
Isolation and characterization of a new human microsporidian, Encephalitozoon hellem (n. sp.), from three AIDS patients with keratoconjunctivitis.
Cocaine-induced iritis.
Increased serum beta 2-microglobulin concentrations in hyperthyroid states.
Epidemiology of ocular complications of childhood head trauma
Eye infections.
Expanded clinical evaluation of lovastatin (EXCEL) study results. II. Assessment of the human lens after 48 weeks of treatment with lovastatin.
Memory-contingent saccades and the substantia nigra postulate for essential blepharospasm.
Islet cell antibodies in patients with autoimmune thyroid disease.
Location of port-wine stains and the likelihood of ophthalmic and/or central nervous system complications.
Direct evidence that ganglioside is an integral component of the thyrotropin receptor.
Profound papilledema due to cryptococcal meningitis in acquired immunodeficiency syndrome: successful treatment with fluconazole.
Acute oculogyric crisis after administration of prochlorperazine.
The management of retinal detachments associated with choroidal colobomas by vitreous surgery.
In vivo phosphorus 31 magnetic resonance spectroscopy of human uveal melanomas and other intraocular tumors.
Prevalence and association of asteroid hyalosis with systemic diseases.
Hereditary hemorrhagic macular dystrophy.
A simple transposition procedure for complicated strabismus.
Incidence of prominent corneal nerves in multiple endocrine neoplasia type 2A.
Postoperative complications after Molteno implant surgery.
A comparison of total and partial tenonectomy with trabeculectomy.
Therapeutic ultrasound for the treatment of glaucoma [published erratum appears in Am J Ophthalmol 1991 Jul 15;112(1):105]
The epidemiologic association of Fuchs' heterochromic iridocyclitis and ocular toxoplasmosis.
Histopathologic evidence of fibrovascular ingrowth four weeks after placement of the hydroxyapatite orbital implant.
Stiff-man syndrome.
Periductal lymphocytic infiltration of salivary glands in Sjogren's syndrome with relation to clinical and immunologic findings.
A prospective study of acute central retinal artery obstruction. The incidence of secondary ocular neovascularization.
Orbital decompression in Graves' disease. The predictability of reduction of proptosis.
Enhanced ocular hypotensive response to epinephrine with prior dexamethasone treatment.
Quantitative descriptors of corneal topography. A clinical study.
Ocular manifestations of nephropathic cystinosis. The French-Canadian experience in a genetically homogeneous population.
A randomized clinical trial of scatter photocoagulation of proliferative sickle cell retinopathy.
Ocular injuries caused by elastic cords [published erratum appears in Arch Ophthalmol 1991 Jun;109(6):878]
Molteno implants and operating microscope-induced retinal phototoxicity. A clinicopathologic report.
Histologic features of human orbicularis oculi treated with botulinum A toxin.
Inhibition of intraocular fibrin formation following infusion of low-molecular-weight heparin during vitrectomy.
Is basal laminar deposit unique for age-related macular degeneration?
Surgical correction of lower-eyelid tarsal ectropion by reinsertion of the retractors.
Rheumatic symptoms and human immunodeficiency virus infection. The influence of clinical and laboratory variables in a longitudinal cohort study.
Concordant Graves' disease after bone marrow transplantation: implications for pathogenesis.
Optimal iodine-131 dose for eliminating hyperthyroidism in Graves' disease.
Clinical management of the complications of HIV infection.
Approaches to the treatment of cytomegalovirus retinitis: ganciclovir and foscarnet.
Concomitant ganciclovir and zidovudine treatment for cytomegalovirus retinitis in patients with HIV infection: an approach to treatment.
Combined ganciclovir and recombinant human granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor in the treatment of cytomegalovirus retinitis in AIDS patients.
Diagnosis and treatment of cytomegalovirus retinitis.
Separate neural mechanisms mediate sufentanil-induced pupillary responses in the cat.
Influence of lens opacities on visual field indices.
Retinal vasculitis as a complication of rheumatoid arthritis.
Comparative ophthalmologic studies on children and adults with craniopharyngiomas.
Lipid-containing eye drops: a step closer to natural tears.
Occurrence of uveal melanoma in contact with a chorioretinal cryocoagulation scar.
The c-fms gene complements the mitogenic defect in mast cells derived from mutant W mice but not mi (microphthalmia) mice.
Graves ophthalmopathy: role of MR imaging in radiation therapy.
Retinal vasculitis--a primer.
The combined use of apraclonidine and pilocarpine during laser iridotomy in a Hispanic population.
Unusual posterior retinal holes associated with high myopia in XYY syndrome.
Krypton laser-induced lens opacity as a complication of retinal photocoagulation.
Strabismus caused by melanoma metastatic to an extraocular muscle.
Idiopathic bilateral spontaneous hyphemas.
Rhegmatogenous retinal detachments in patients with AIDS and necrotizing retinal infections.
Risk factors for metastases in patients with retinoblastoma.
Anterior granulomatous uveitis in patients with multiple sclerosis.
Excimer laser ablative treatment of microbial keratitis.
Clinical features of atopic keratoconjunctivitis.
Infectious crystalline keratopathy. Role of nutritionally variant streptococci and other bacterial factors.
Lack of association between keratoconus, mitral valve prolapse, and joint hypermobility.
Postkeratoplasty astigmatism control. Single continuous suture adjustment versus selective interrupted suture removal [published erratum appears in Ophthalmology 1991 Jul;98(7):1005-7]
Specular microscopic observation of human corneal epithelial abnormalities.
Climatic droplet keratopathy with corneal amyloidosis.
A case-control study of risk factors for intraoperative suprachoroidal expulsive hemorrhage.
Modified Schocket implant for refractory glaucoma. Experience of 55 cases.
Internal and transconjunctival neodymium:YAG laser revision of late failing filters.
Nosocomial endophthalmitis survey. Current incidence of infection after intraocular surgery.
Strabismus presenting after cataract surgery.
Anisometropic amblyopia.
Transpalpebral decompression of endocrine ophthalmopathy (Graves' disease) by removal of intraorbital fat: experience with 147 operations over 5 years.
Foscarnet sodium.
Calcium metabolic indices, vascular retinopathy, and plasma renin activity in essential hypertension.
An experimental model of early central nervous system syphilis.
Atherosclerotic carotid disease and the eye.
Botulinum toxin therapy.
Neuro-ocular Lyme borreliosis.
Neuro-ophthalmic manifestations of human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Optic neuritis.
Ocular motor abnormalities from head trauma.
Advances in the analysis of corneal topography.
Visual loss with dancing extremities and mental disturbances.
A case for myopia.
Miotics and retinal detachment: upgrading the community standard.
Protective role of vitamin E in biological systems.
Epikeratoplasty with nonlyophilized tissue in children with aphakia.
Loss of contrast sensitivity in cystic fibrosis.
Scleritis and Wegener's granulomatosis in children.
Nuclear sclerotic cataract after vitrectomy for idiopathic epiretinal membranes causing macular pucker.
Ultrastructural study of Norrie's disease.
Relatively enhanced S cone function in the Goldmann-Favre syndrome.
Early-onset autosomal dominant retinitis pigmentosa with severe hyperopia.
Corneal ulcer and adverse reaction rates in premarket contact lens studies.
Role of cell-mediated immunity to staphylococci in blepharitis.
Initial glaucomatous optic disk and retinal nerve fiber layer abnormalities and their progression.
Intraocular pressure and the rate of visual field loss in chronic open-angle glaucoma.
Identification, prevention, and treatment of silicone oil pupillary block after an inferior iridectomy.
The effects of Nd:YAG laser iridotomy on the corneal endothelium.
Cellular events associated with inflammatory angiogenesis in the mouse cornea.
The Takagi Automatic Tangent Screen ATS-85 analyzer for the detection of glaucomatous patients.
Acyclovir in herpetic anterior uveitis.
Thirty-six month follow-up of a contemporary phakic intraocular lens for the surgical correction of myopia.
Brucella optic neuritis.
The endophthalmitis vitrectomy study [editorial]
Clinical use of the 193-nm excimer laser in the treatment of corneal scars
Visual losses after myopic epikeratoplasty.
Fulminant pseudomonal keratitis and scleritis in human immunodeficiency virus-infected patients.
Prospective corneal topographic analysis in surgery for postkeratoplasty astigmatism.
Late-onset elevation in intraocular pressure after neodymium-YAG laser posterior capsulotomy.
Endocapsular hematoma. Description and treatment of a unique form of postoperative hemorrhage.
Impact of enucleation for choroidal melanoma on the performance of vision-dependent activities.
Doppler ultrasonography of malignant melanomas of the uvea.
Cutaneous malignant melanoma metastatic to the choroid.
Amelioration of light-induced retinal degeneration by a calcium overload blocker. Flunarizine.
Electron-microscopic identification of pseudoexfoliation material in extrabulbar tissue.
The ocular effects of gases when injected into the anterior chamber of rabbit eyes.
Symmetry of disciform scars in bilateral age-related macular degeneration.
Traumatic hyphaema: a retrospective study of 314 cases.
Penetrating keratoplasty for keratoconus: complications and long-term success.
Use of a central 10 degrees field and size V stimulus to evaluate and monitor small central islands of vision in end stage glaucoma.
Use of a blue filter in visual field analysis.
Eleven years' experience with retinopathy of prematurity: visual results and contribution of cryoablation.
Effect of partial cryoablation on retinopathy of prematurity.
Ocular manifestations of onchocerciasis in a rain forest area of west Africa.
Closure of leaking filtering blebs with cyanoacrylate tissue adhesive.
Hyperkalaemia induced by carbonic anhydrase inhibitor.
Endophthalmitis after removal of an encircling band.
Bilateral Norrie's disease in identical twins.
Pathological changes in levator palpebrae superioris muscle treated with botulinum toxin in a case of carotico-cavernous fistula.
Recurrent corneal oedema following late migration of intraocular glass.
Factors associated with binocular single vision in microtropia/monofixation syndrome.
Visual function after optic neuritis: a preliminary study.
Autosomal dominant megalocornea with congenital glaucoma: evidence for germ-line mosaicism.
Combined computed tomography and dacryocystography for complex lacrimal problems.
Retinal detachment as a complication of retrobulbar anesthesia.
Surgical treatment of overcorrection following radial keratotomy: evaluation of clinical effectiveness.
Early postoperative prognostic indicators following trabeculectomy.

