Treatment of Fournier's gangrene with adjunctive hyperbaric oxygen therapy.
EEG correlation of improvement in hemolytic-uremic syndrome after plasma infusion.
Reversible myopathy due to labetalol.
Uremic platelets have a functional defect affecting the interaction of von Willebrand factor with glycoprotein IIb-IIIa.
Renal replacement treatment for diabetic patients in Newcastle upon Tyne and the Northern region, 1964-88.
Outcome of renal replacement treatment in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Flexible cystoscopy as an adjunct to extracorporeal shockwave lithotripsy.
Renal carcinoma in a solitary kidney.
Use of the double pigtail stent in stone retrieval following unsuccessful ureteroscopy.
Immunofluorescent and histochemical staining confirm the identification of the many diseases called interstitial cystitis.
Do women with idiopathic sensory urgency have early interstitial cystitis?
Cell cycling in bladder carcinoma determined by monoclonal antibody Ki67.
Superficial bladder cancer in patients under 40 years of age. Efficacy of topical prophylaxis.
Cobb's collar--a forgotten entity.
Permanent external striated sphincter stents in patients with spinal injuries.
Symptoms versus flow rates versus urodynamics in the selection of patients for prostatectomy.
Pathological classification and follow-up of prostatic lesions initially diagnosed as "suspicious of malignancy".
Granulomatous orchitis. Review of 15 cases.
Myocarditis or acute myocardial infarction associated with interleukin-2 therapy for cancer.
Pathologic delineation of the papillonodular type of cystic partially differentiated nephroblastoma. A review of 11 cases.
Analysis of bladder carcinoma by subsite. Cystoscopic location may have prognostic value.
Myxoid malignant fibrous histiocytoma of the bladder.
Evaluation of new rapid office test for microalbuminuria and its comparison to fully quantitative radioimmunoassay.
Comparison of albumin excretion rate obtained with different times of collection.
Relationship of psychiatric illness to impotence in men with diabetes.
Treatment of idiopathic testicular failure with high-dose testosterone undecanoate: a double-blind pilot study.
A portable digital data recorder for long-term monitoring of scrotal temperatures
Analysis of sperm function in globozoospermia: implications for the mechanism of sperm-zona interaction.
Genitourinary mycobacteria in infertile Egyptian men.
Development of hypertension from unilateral renal artery stenosis in conscious dogs.
Comparison of converting enzyme inhibitor and calcium channel blocker in hypertensive glomerular injury.
Mechanical cardiopulmonary support for refractory cardiogenic shock.
Essential fatty acid deficiency ameliorates acute renal dysfunction in the rat after the administration of the aminonucleoside of puromycin.
Induction of renal growth and injury in the intact rat kidney by dietary deficiency of antioxidants.
Testicular sex cord stromal tumour with granulosa cell differentiation: detection of steroid hormone receptors as a possible basis for tumour development and therapeutic management.
An external urine collection device for incontinent women. Evaluation of long-term use.
Acute effects of captopril and ibuprofen on proteinuria in patients with nephrosis.
Suppression of urinary albumin excretion in diabetic rats by 4'(imidazol-1-yl) acetophenone, a selective inhibitor of thromboxane synthesis.
Posttransplant anti-glomerular basement membrane nephritis in related males with Alport syndrome.
Extradural implantation of sacral anterior root stimulators.
Therapy of renal cell carcinoma with interleukin-2 and lymphokine-activated killer cells: phase II experience with a hybrid bolus and continuous infusion interleukin-2 regimen.
Phase I study of interleukin-2 and interferon alfa-2a as outpatient therapy for patients with advanced malignancy.
Combined versus sequential chemo-endocrine therapy in advanced prostate cancer: final results of a randomized Southwest Oncology Group study.
Cardiovascular effects of microinjection of angiotensin II in the brainstem of renal hypertensive rats.
Beneficial effects of long-term treatment with SK&F 105685 in murine lupus nephritis.
Problems in the clinical diagnosis of stress incontinence.
Nonsurgical treatment of detrusor overactivity in postmenopausal women.
Histology of the connection between the vagina and levator ani muscles. Implications for urinary tract function.
Predictive value of urethroscopy as compared to urodynamics in the diagnosis of genuine stress incontinence.
Urethral mobility and its relationship to stress incontinence in women.
Urinary tract infection in women. Current role of single-dose therapy.
Genital prolapse with and without urinary incontinence.
Importance of a neurologic evaluation in women with lower urinary tract dysfunction.
A practical approach to the painful bladder syndrome.
Pulmonary-renal syndrome with "triad" involvement due to small vessel vasculitis.
Rise in prostatic cancer incidence associated with increased use of transurethral resection
Unexplained excess risk of bladder cancer in men.
Extrarenal production of calcitriol.
Parathyroidectomy in chronic renal failure: indications, surgical approach and the use of calcitriol.
Unsuspected syphilitic hepatitis in a patient with low-grade proteinuria and abnormal liver function
Contraceptive efficacy of testosterone-induced azoospermia in normal men. World Health Organization Task Force on methods for the regulation of male fertility
The diagnosis and prognosis of autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease.
Plasma prorenin activity and complications in children with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus
The epidemiology and clinical aspects of the hemolytic uremic syndrome in Minnesota
Postoperative urinary tract infection in gynecology: implications for an antibiotic prophylaxis policy.
Combined vesicovaginal-ureterovaginal fistulas associated with a vaginal foreign body.
Fetal posterior urethral valve syndrome: a prospective application of antenatal prognostic criteria.
Congenital nephrosis as a cause of elevated alpha-fetoprotein.
Successful renal transplantation accelerates development in young uremic children.
Hemolytic-uremic syndrome in children. A serious hazard of undercooked beef.
Promoter deletion and loss of retinoblastoma gene expression in human prostate carcinoma.
Clinicopathological features of childhood nephrotic syndrome in northern Nigeria
Prognostic factors in acute renal failure following aortic aneurysm surgery.
Experimental treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia with transurethral balloon dilation of the prostate: preliminary study in 73 humans.
Hypointense renal cell carcinoma: MR imaging with pathologic correlation.
Renal artery stenosis in patients with aortic dissection: increased prevalence
Nephrotoxicity associated with concomitant ACE inhibitor and NSAID therapy.
The absence of nephrotoxicity and differential nephrotoxicity between tobramycin and gentamicin.
Duplex Doppler examination of a perinephric abscess in a renal transplant.
Heparin-induced thrombocytopenia in patients who undergo open heart surgery.
Results of infrainguinal bypass for limb salvage in patients with end-stage renal disease.
Pulmonary disease following intravesical BCG treatment.
Natural history of low-stage prostatic cancer and the impact of early detection.
Epidemiology of prostate cancer.
Economics of screening for carcinoma of the prostate.
Digital rectal examination in the early detection of prostate cancer.
Transrectal ultrasonography for the early detection and staging of prostate cancer.
Laboratory studies for the detection of carcinoma of the prostate.
Management of stage A prostate cancer.
Selection of patients with stage B prostate cancer for radical prostatectomy.
Radiation therapy for localized prostate cancer. Justification by long-term follow-up.
Significance and treatment of positive margins or seminal vesicle invasion after radical prostatectomy.
Prostate-specific antigen for staging prior to surgery and for early detection of recurrence after surgery.
Patient selection for, results of, and impact on tumor resection of potency-sparing radical prostatectomy.
The case for no initial treatment of localized prostate cancer.
Local failure and related complications after definitive treatment of carcinoma of the prostate by irradiation or surgery.
Current options in the management of clinical stage C prostatic carcinoma.
New concepts in the treatment of stage D1 adenocarcinoma of the prostate.
Flow cytometry in carcinoma of the prostate.
Current management of varicoceles.
Low incidence of asymptomatic brain metastases in patients with renal cell carcinoma.
Is urethral sparing at cystectomy a safe procedure?
Neodymium:YAG laser treatment of bladder hemangiomas.
Allopurinol and thiazide effects on new urinary stone formed after discontinued therapy in patients with urinary stones.
Sex reversal syndrome (XX male).
Renal abscess in children.
Treatment of primary nocturnal enuresis by oral androgen mesterolone. A clinical and cystometric study.
Inverted papilloma of renal pelvis: flexible ureteroscopic diagnosis and treatment.
Improved early detection of recurrence in prostatic carcinoma following hormonal therapy. Combined use of palpation and fine needle aspiration cytology.
Acute aluminum toxicity after continuous intravesical alum irrigation for hemorrhagic cystitis.
Single polypoid cystitis cystica and glandularis presenting as benign bladder tumor.
Transitional cell carcinomatous meningitis after M-VAC (methotrexate, vinblastine, doxorubicin, and cisplatin) chemotherapy.
Desmopressin for diabetes insipidus, hemostatic disorders and enuresis.
Merkel cell carcinoma metastatic to the testis.
Confronting cisternae presenting as intracytoplasmic inclusions in monocytes.
Serum amylase in patients with renal insufficiency and renal failure.
Geriatric pharmacokinetics and the kidney.
Nutritional causes of renal impairment in old age.
Renal disease in the elderly: the role of the renal biopsy.
Treatment of glomerulonephritis in the elderly.
Geriatric diabetic nephropathy: an analysis of renal referral in patients age 60 or older.
Basic evaluation of female urinary incontinence.
Genitourinary cancer in the elderly.
Treatment of renal calculi in the elderly.
Peritoneal dialysis in the geriatric patient.
Dialysis considerations in the elderly patient.
Hemodialysis and the elderly patient: potential advantages as to quality of life, urea generation, serum creatinine, and less interdialytic weight gain.
The elderly on dialysis: some considerations in compliance.
Strategies for enhancing compliance in the dialysis elderly.
Prevention of renal disease and conservation of renal function.
Ethical issues in geriatric nephrology: overview.
Ethical and legal issues in geriatric nephrology.
Rationing of health care and the end-stage renal disease program.
Effects of calcium antagonists on renal hemodynamics.
Calcium channel blockers versus angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors: renal effects.
Effect of dietary protein restriction on functional renal reserve in diabetic nephropathy.
Treatment of the anemia of chronic renal failure with subcutaneous recombinant human erythropoietin.
Oral estrogens decrease bleeding time and improve clinical bleeding in patients with renal failure.
The effect of large uterine fibroids on urinary bladder function and symptoms.
Expression of the human nephron differentiation molecules in renal cell carcinomas.
Results of surgical treatment for hyperparathyroidism associated with renal disease.
Urgent management of a giant scrotal hernia.
Clinical course of anti-neutrophil cytoplasmic autoantibody-associated glomerulonephritis and systemic vasculitis. The Glomerular Disease Collaborative Network
Pharmacokinetics of enoxacin and its oxometabolite following intravenous administration to patients with different degrees of renal impairment.
How curable is relapsed Wilms' tumour? The United Kingdom Children's Cancer Study Group.
Spontaneous resolution of congenital nephrotic syndrome in a neonate
Ionized calcium, parathormone, and mortality in critically ill surgical patients.
The association of blood pressure levels and change in renal function in hypertensive and nonhypertensive subjects.
Acute renal failure due to ciprofloxacin.
Binding of anti-DNA antibodies and inhibition of glomerulonephritis in MRL-lpr/lpr mice by heparin.
Renal disease in chronic arthritis of childhood. A study of urinary N-acetyl-beta-glucosaminidase and beta 2-microglobulin excretion.
Changes in ventricular fibrillation threshold during the development of perinephritic hypertension.
Effect of captopril on renal function in hypertensive dogs with unilateral renal artery stenosis, studied with radionuclide dynamic scintigraphy.
Nonpeptide angiotensin II receptor antagonists.
Effects of felodipine on urinary albumin excretion and metabolic control in hypertensive non-insulin-dependent diabetics.
Normalization of increased sodium sensitivity by maintenance hemodialysis.
Parathyroid hormone and the vascular response to norepinephrine.
Abnormal diastolic function in patients with type 1 diabetes and early nephropathy.
Sodium-lithium countertransport activity in red cells of patients with insulin dependent diabetes and nephropathy and their parents
Sedoanalgesia in urology: a safe, cost-effective alternative to general anaesthesia. A review of 1020 cases.
Chronic dehydration stone disease.
The use of internalised ureteric stents in renal transplant recipients.
Effect of bladder outflow obstruction on the innervation of the rabbit urinary bladder.
In vitro evaluation of the pollen extract, cernitin T-60, in the regulation of prostate cell growth.
Treatment of outflow tract obstruction due to benign prostatic hyperplasia with the pollen extract, cernilton. A double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
Prostatic carcinoma: histological and immunohistological factors affecting prognosis.
Distribution of bony metastases in prostatic carcinoma.
Increased survival of patients with massive lymphadenopathy and prostate cancer: evidence of heterogeneous tumour behaviour.
Persistent carcinoma in situ of the testis after chemotherapy for advanced testicular germ cell tumours.
The importance of prognostic factors in the individual treatment of patients with disseminated germ cell tumours.
Parathyroid autotransplantation
Primary chemotherapy with or without radiation therapy and/or surgery for children with localized sarcoma of the bladder, prostate, vagina, uterus, and cervix. A comparison of the results in Intergroup Rhabdomyosarcoma Studies I and II.
Testicular relapse in children with acute nonlymphoblastic leukemia.
DNA analysis of multiple synchronous renal cell carcinomas.
Sarcoid reaction mimicking intrathoracic dissemination of testicular cancer.
Chemotherapy-related hemolytic-uremic syndrome after the treatment of head and neck cancer. A case report.
Primary carcinoma of the upper urinary tract. Effect of primary and secondary therapy on survival.
The significance of low-grade prostate cancer on needle biopsy. A radical prostatectomy study of tumor grade, volume, and stage of the biopsied and multifocal tumor.
Parathyroid hormone-like peptide in normal and neoplastic mesothelial cells.
Familial testicular cancer in five members of a cancer-prone kindred.
Anaesthesia for renal transplantation in sickle cell disease.
Comparison of pathological lesions on repeated renal biopsies in 73 patients with primary IgA glomerulonephritis: value of quantitative scoring and approach to final prognosis.
IgA nephritis in Behcet's disease: case report and review of the literature.
Glomerular IgA deposits in patients with celiac disease.
Diffuse proliferative lupus nephritis: long-term observations in patients treated with ancrod.
Disappearance of renin-induced proteinuria by an ACE-inhibitor: a case report.
Post-traumatic acute renal failure, 1956-1988.
The treatment of mesangial IgA nephropathy with cyclophosphamide, dipyridamole and warfarin: a two-year prospective trial.
Membranous glomerulonephritis induced by 2-mercaptopropionylglycine (2-MPG).
Acute deterioration of renal function associated with enteric hyperoxaluria.
Is preliminary binephrectomy necessary in patients with autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease undergoing renal transplantation?
Urinary excretion of albumin and enzymes in non-insulin-dependent Chinese diabetics.
Hypophosphatemia in infants on continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis.
Uremic pruritus in patients on hemodialysis or continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis (CAPD). The role of plasma histamine and skin mast cells.
Total knee arthroplasty in diabetes mellitus.
Femoral neck fractures in patients receiving long-term dialysis.
Validity of creatinine clearance estimates in the assessment of renal function.
Urogenital dysfunction after abdominoperineal resection for carcinoma of the rectum.
Involvement of epidermal growth factor deficiency in pathogenesis of oligozoospermia in streptozotocin-induced diabetic mice.
The interaction of parameters of male and female fertility in couples with previously unexplained infertility.
Psychological assessment and follow-up after in vitro fertilization: assessing the impact of failure.
A reverse (antibody capture) enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay for detection of antisperm antibodies in sera and genital tract secretions.
Protein differences between normal and oligospermic human sperm demonstrated by two-dimensional gel electrophoresis.
Pooled sequential ejaculates: a way to increase the total number of motile sperm from oligozoospermic men.
Studies on requirements for trackpoints in CellSoft automated semen analysis.
Short-term administration of captopril and nifedipine and exercise-induced albuminuria in normotensive diabetic patients with early-stage nephropathy.
Relationship between blood pressure and urinary albumin excretion in development of microalbuminuria.
Enalapril and renal injury in spontaneously hypertensive rats.
Intrarenal de novo production of angiotensin I in subjects with renal artery stenosis.
On the need for erythropoietin treatment in dialysis patients. A Copenhagen City Dialysis Unit study
Magnetic resonance imaging of the bone marrow following treatment with recombinant human erythropoietin in patients with end-stage renal disease.
Three staged approach to the surgical management of renal cell carcinoma extending into the right atrium. Case report.
Inflammatory abdominal aortic aneurysms.
Parathyroid hormone-like peptide in normal and neoplastic human endocrine tissues.
Anti-5 alpha-reductase autoantibodies in the serum of patients with prostatic cancer.
Women with preeclampsia have higher plasma endothelin levels than women with normal pregnancies.
Cutaneous horn of the penis: its association with squamous cell carcinoma and HPV-16 infection.
Prevention of catheter-associated urinary tract infection with a silver oxide-coated urinary catheter: clinical and microbiologic correlates.
Partial characterization of Chlamydia trachomatis isolates resistant to multiple antibiotics.
Quantitation of Tamm-Horsfall protein binding to uropathogenic Escherichia coli and lectins.
Endolymphatic hydrops precipitated by haemodialysis.
Screening diabetic patients for microalbuminuria.
Central nervous system involvement in nephropathic cystinosis.
Treatment of testicular cancer: a new and improved model.
Acute renal dysfunction during interleukin-2 treatment: suggestion of an intrinsic renal lesion.
A comparative study of renal scintigraphy and clearance with technetium-99m-MAG3 and iodine-123-hippurate in patients with renal disorders.
Diagnostic use of angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE)-inhibited renal scintigraphy in the identification of selective renal artery stenosis in the presence of multiple renal arteries: a case report.
Sexual practices: are physicians addressing the issues?
Transient renal acidification defect during acute infantile diarrhea: the role of urinary sodium.
Clinicopathologic review of twelve children with nephropathy, Wilms tumor, and genital abnormalities (Drash syndrome).
Two urogenital sinus syndromes. Interstitial cystitis and focal vulvitis.
Stress incontinence and low urethral closure pressure. Correlation of preoperative urethral hypermobility with successful suburethral sling procedures.
Inhibition of invasion of invasive human bladder carcinoma cells by protein kinase C inhibitor staurosporine.
Rhabdomyolysis and acute renal failure associated with cocaine abuse.
Neoadjuvant chemotherapy in invasive bladder cancer: the evolving role of surgery.
Surgical treatment of renal artery stenosis after failed percutaneous transluminal angioplasty.
Incidence and properties of renal masses and asymptomatic renal cell carcinoma detected by abdominal ultrasonography.
Magnetic resonance imaging for assessment of vena caval tumor thrombi: a comparative study with venacavography and computerized tomography scanning.
Extravesical versus Leadbetter-Politano ureteroneocystostomy: a comparison of urological complications in 320 renal transplants.
Ureterosigmoidostomy: long-term results, risk of carcinoma and etiological factors for carcinogenesis.
Primary adenocarcinoma of the bladder: favorable prognostic significance of deoxyribonucleic acid diploidy measured by flow cytometry.
Perioperative methotrexate, vinblastine, doxorubicin and cisplatin (M-VAC) for poor risk transitional cell carcinoma of the bladder: an Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group pilot study.
Local recurrence and survival following nerve-sparing radical cystoprostatectomy.
Recurrent urethral stricture disease managed by clean intermittent self-catheterization.
Arteriographically determined occlusive disease within the hypogastric-cavernous bed in impotent patients following blunt perineal and pelvic trauma.
Patient acceptance of and satisfaction with an external negative pressure device for impotence.
Testicular carcinoma in patients positive and at risk for human immunodeficiency virus.
Clinical stage 1 testicular cancer: the role of modified retroperitoneal lymphadenectomy.
Erythrocyte polyamine levels in human prostatic carcinoma.
The relationship of prostate specific antigen levels and residual tumor volume in stage A prostate cancer.
Prostate specific antigen for assessing response to ketoconazole and prednisone in patients with hormone refractory metastatic prostate cancer.
Radical prostatectomy for clinical stage T1-2N0M0 prostatic adenocarcinoma: long-term results.
Urinary excretion of Tamm-Horsfall protein in women with recurrent urinary tract infections.
Enveloping the bladder with displacement of flap of the rectus abdominis muscle for the treatment of neurogenic bladder.
Mohan's urethral valvotome: a new instrument.
The urethral plug: a new treatment modality for genuine urinary stress incontinence in women.
Urinary retention due to sacral myeloradiculitis: a clinical and neurophysiological study.
Long-term urinary continence and renal function in neonates with posterior urethral valves.
The management of posterior urethral valves by initial vesicostomy and delayed valve ablation.
Pheochromocytoma in the pediatric age group: the prostate--an unusual location.
Massive hemorrhage from an arterioureteral fistula associated with chronic renal transplant failure.
Cyclophosphamide-induced hemorrhagic pyelitis and ureteritis associated with cystitis in marrow transplantation.
De novo carcinoma of the lower urinary tract in renal allograft recipients.
Polyarteritis nodosa masquerading as a primary testicular neoplasm: a case report and review of the literature.
Burkitt's lymphoma of the testicle: report of 2 cases occurring in elderly patients.
Retroperitoneal lymph node dissection in malignant mesothelioma of tunica vaginalis testis.
Mechanical properties of the urethra in healthy and stress incontinent females: dynamic measurements in the resting urethra.
Determination of norepinephrine levels in the adult human prostate.
Time-course of alterations of bladder function following acetone-induced cystitis.
Effects of intracavernosal trazodone hydrochloride: animal and human studies.
Long term effects of gastrocystoplasty in rats.
Hyperfiltration-induced renal injury in normal man: myth or reality.
Fatal sepsis following intravesical bacillus Calmette-Guerin administration for bladder cancer.
Fatal disseminated mycobacterial infection following intravesical bacillus Calmette-Guerin.
Triamterene nephrolithiasis: renewed attention is warranted.
Prospective comparison of plain abdominal radiography with conventional and digital renal tomography in assessing renal extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy patients.
Extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy in patients with bleeding diatheses.
Nephron-sparing surgery for renal cell carcinoma with venous involvement.
Adverse impact of fibrin clot inhibitors on intravesical bacillus Calmette-Guerin therapy for superficial bladder tumors.
Outpatient flexible cystoscopy and fulguration of recurrent superficial bladder tumors.
Primary malignant lymphoma of the bladder.
Prostacyclin-to-thromboxane A2 ratio in arteriogenic impotence.
Complications in hyperthermia treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia.
A dose titration study evaluating terazosin, a selective, once-a-day alpha 1-blocker for the treatment of symptomatic benign prostatic hyperplasia.
Clinical and pathological findings in prostates following intravesical bacillus Calmette-Guerin instillations.
The Madigan prostatectomy.
The prognostic value of modal deoxyribonucleic acid in low grade, low stage untreated prostate cancer.
Evaluation of tumor progression by repeated fine needle biopsies in prostate adenocarcinoma: modal deoxyribonucleic acid value and cytological differentiation.
Flutamide in hormone-resistant prostatic cancer.
Role of nerve-sparing radical prostatectomy for clinical stage B2 prostate cancer.
Management of stage D1 adenocarcinoma of the prostate: the Johns Hopkins experience 1974 to 1987.
The value of leak pressure and bladder compliance in the urodynamic evaluation of meningomyelocele patients.
Management of children with myelodysplasia: urological alternatives.
Renal scintigraphy in the diagnosis and surgical management of a patient with caliceal colic: a case report.
Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs in the treatment of eosinophilic cystitis.
Transrectal ultrasonography in the evaluation of the infertile man: a report of 3 cases.
Gonadoblastoma in an anatomically normal man: a case report and literature review.
The kinetics of cellular proliferation in rat urinary bladder treated with N-butyl-N-(4-hydroxybutyl)nitrosamine.
The use of prostaglandin F2 alpha for the prophylaxis of cyclophosphamide induced cystitis in rats.
Pressure threshold for shock wave induced renal hemorrhage.
The effect of an alpha-2 agonist on bladder function and cord histology after spinal cord injury [retracted by Weiss R, Tomasula JJ, Sotologo JR Jr. In: J Urol 1991 Aug;146(2):426]
Physiologic and pathologic alterations associated with ultrasonically generated shock waves.
Cell injury associated calcium oxalate crystalluria.
In situ hybridization of prostate-specific antigen mRNA in human prostate.
Nephron function in the early phase of ischemic renal failure. Significance of erythrocyte trapping.
Role of enhanced glomerular synthesis of thromboxane A2 in progressive kidney disease.
Mild ischemia predisposes the S3 segment to gentamicin toxicity.
A phenomenological interpretation of the variation in dialysate volume with dwell time in CAPD.
Peritoneal transport in CAPD patients with permanent loss of ultrafiltration capacity.
Angiotensin II receptor regulation in anti-glomerular basement membrane nephritis.
Toxicity comparison of neoadjuvant versus adjuvant methotrexate, vinblastine, doxorubicin, and cisplatin (M-VAC) in radical cystectomy patients.
Parathyroid hormone-related peptide in plasma of patients with hypercalcemia and malignant lesions
Renal cell carcinoma associated with sarcoidlike tissue reaction.
A chronic granulomatous syndrome of unknown origin.
Identification of the primary gene defect at the cytochrome P450 CYP2D locus.
Bidirectional incompatibility between conspecific populations of Drosophila simulans
Kearns-Sayre syndrome presenting as renal tubular acidosis.
Self-induced urinary tract infection in school-age boys.
Urinary incontinence.
Adrenal dysfunction in patients with renal amyloid.
A mouse model of the aniridia-Wilms tumor deletion syndrome.
Tissue, developmental, and tumor-specific expression of divergent transcripts in Wilms tumor.
Isolated erythroid hypoplasia and renal insufficiency induced by long-term griseofulvin therapy.
Radiation therapy of early (stages I and II-A) seminoma of testis after initial orchiectomy.
Management of superficial G2 (pTa and pT1) bladder cancer.
Whole bladder photodynamic therapy: critical review of present-day technology and rationale for development of intravesical laser catheter and monitoring system.
Stress incontinence: a new endoscopic approach.
Biochemical evaluation of calcium stone patients: how soon can it be done after stone surgery/passage?
Prognostic implications of disappearance rate of biologic markers following radical prostatectomy.
Use of distal Thiersch-Duplay urethroplasty for proximal hypospadias repairs in conjunction with short island pedicle flap.
Magnetic resonance imaging of cystic, partially differentiated nephroblastoma.
Radiologic staging of chest in testicular seminoma.
Urodynamic tests for female geriatric urinary incontinence.
Influence of high-energy shock waves and cisplatin on antitumor effect in murine bladder cancer.
Prostatic-type epithelium in urinary bladder. Clinical, histologic, and immunohistochemical study.
Oncocytic renal tubular adenoma (so-called oncocytoma) in seventeen-year-old girl.
Intravesical condyloma acuminatum with progression to verrucous carcinoma.
In treating impotence, urology and sex therapy are complementary.
Diagnosis and treatment of prostatic infections.
Applications of prostate ultrasonography.
Experimental contrast-associated nephropathy and its clinical implications.
Survey of histologic specimens of human cancer for human papillomavirus types 6/11/16/18 by filter in situ hybridization.
Mucinous adenocarcinoma of the prostate with endobronchial metastasis.
Extracorporeal removal of anti-HLA antibodies in transplant candidates.
Adult minimal change glomerulopathy with acute renal failure.
Body fluid spaces and blood pressure in hemodialysis patients during amelioration of anemia with erythropoietin.
Ten-year prospective study on the development of renal cell carcinoma in dialysis patients.
Etiology of hypercalcemia in hemodialysis patients on calcium carbonate therapy.
Ultrasonography in the differentiation of complicated and uncomplicated acute pyelonephritis.
Tubulointerstitial changes in systemic vasculitic disorders: a quantitative study of 18 biopsy cases.
The role of aluminum in the functional iron deficiency of patients treated with erythropoietin: case report of clinical characteristics and response to treatment.
Temporary loss of limb function secondary to soft tissue calcification in a patient with rhabdomyolysis-induced acute renal failure.
The future of nephrology.
Beta 2-microglobulin predicts survival in primary systemic amyloidosis.
Contrast nephropathy in azotemic diabetic patients undergoing coronary angiography.
The "stuck twin" phenomenon: ultrasonographic findings, pregnancy outcome, and management with serial amniocenteses.
A comparison of sperm antibody assays.
A,B blood group antigens in tissues of AB heterozygotes. Emphasis on normal and neoplastic urothelium.
Protein A-gold immunoelectron microscopic study of amyloid fibrils, granular deposits, and fibrillar luminal aggregates in renal amyloidosis.
Algorithm for assessing renal dysfunction risk in critically ill trauma patients receiving aminoglycosides.
Prolonged neuromuscular blockade with vecuronium in a neonate with renal failure.
Prediction of acute renal failure after birth asphyxia.
Intraoperative blood pressure. What patterns identify patients at risk for postoperative complications?
Prognostic determinants in extracorporeal membrane oxygenation for respiratory failure in newborns.
Role of perfusion pressure and flow in major organ dysfunction after cardiopulmonary bypass.
Acute renal failure in obstructive jaundice in cholangiocarcinoma.
Diagnostic testing and return visits for acute problems in prepaid, case-managed Medicaid plans compared with fee-for-service.
Acute autonomic neuropathy. Two cases and a clinical review.
Sulfadiazine crystalluria revisited. The treatment of Toxoplasma encephalitis in patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Pheochromocytoma presenting as rhabdomyolysis and acute myoglobinuric renal failure.
Hyperammonemic encephalopathy in urinary diversion with urea-splitting urinary tract infection.
Plasma thrombomodulin in health and diseases.
Psychological outcomes of different treatment policies in women with early breast cancer outside a clinical trial
Neurologic complications in chronic renal failure: a retrospective study.
Acute and chronic bacterial prostatitis: a review of treatment approaches.
Angiotensin and thromboxane in the enhanced renal adrenergic nerve sensitivity of acute renal failure.
Role of endothelium-derived nitric oxide in the bleeding tendency of uremia.
Adverse mortality experience of a southwestern American Indian community: overall death rates and underlying causes of death in Pima Indians.
Protective effect of a novel calcium blocker, S-312-d, on ischemic acute renal failure in rat.
Atheroemboli to the lower urinary tract: a marker of atherosclerotic vascular disease--a case report.
End-stage renal disease--is infrainguinal limb revascularization justified?
Transaortic endarterectomy of renal visceral artery lesions in association with infrarenal aortic surgery.
Combined aortic and visceral arterial reconstruction: risks and results.
A new surgical approach in genital lymphedema.
Vicarious contrast material excretion in patients with acute unilateral ureteral obstruction.
In vivo human testicular function assessed with P-31 MR spectroscopy.
Renal artery stenosis: evaluation with color Doppler flow imaging.
Intrauterine spermatic cord torsion in the newborn: sonographic and pathologic correlation.
Intraoperative pressure profile measurement and continence mechanism adjustment in the Indiana pouch urinary reservoir.
Aminoglycosides: assessing the potential for nephrotoxicity.
High-dose phenylephrine infusion in the hemodynamic support of septic shock.
Sodium loading treatment for amphotericin B-induced nephrotoxicity.
Diagnosis and localization of prostate carcinoma by fine-needle aspiration cytology and correlation with histologic whole-organ sections after radical prostatectomy.
Cardiogenic hepatorenal syndrome.
Cystocerebral syndrome. Acute urinary retention presenting as confusion in elderly patients.
The dichotomous distribution of gastrinomas.
Regional changes in creatine kinase and myocyte size in hypertensive and nonhypertensive cardiac hypertrophy.
Effect of calcium entry blocker nitrendipine on renal function after renal vascular occlusion.
The placebo response of subfertile couples to attending a tertiary referral centre.
A randomized, controlled trial of clomiphene citrate and intrauterine insemination in couples with unexplained infertility or surgically corrected endometriosis.
Fertility prognosis for infertile men: results of follow-up study of semen analysis in infertile men from two different populations evaluated by the Cox regression model.
Changes in sperm antibody test results when spermatozoa are subjected to capacitating conditions.
Hyaluronic acid (Sperm Select) improves retention of sperm motility and velocity in normospermic and oligospermic specimens.
The prevalence of subfertility: a review of the current confusion and a report of two new studies.
Nephropathy in model combining genetic hypertension with experimental diabetes. Enalapril versus hydralazine and metoprolol therapy.
Plasma vasoactive intestinal polypeptide concentration determination in patients with diarrhea.
Clinically inapparent (asymptomatic) bacteriuria in ambulatory elderly men: epidemiological, clinical, and microbiological findings.
Defective oral tolerance promotes nephritogenesis in experimental IgA nephropathy induced by oral immunization.
A glance at the urodynamic database.
Chancroid and the role of genital ulcer disease in the spread of human retroviruses.
Human papillomavirus infections of the genital tract.
Common nonvenereal genital lesions.
Approach to men with urethritis and urologic complications of sexually transmitted diseases.
Approach to the patient with genital ulcer disease.
Allelic loss of chromosomes 16q and 10q in human prostate cancer.
Overexpression of normal and mutated forms of HRAS induces orthotopic bladder invasion in a human transitional cell carcinoma.
Function in athymic nude mice of parathyroid heterografts from patients with primary hyperparathyroidism and secondary hyperparathyroidism.
Are three substages of clinical B prostate carcinoma useful in predicting disease-free survival?
Transrectal sonographic cystourethrography: studies in stress urinary incontinence.
Radical prostatectomy versus expectant primary treatment in stages I and II prostatic cancer. A fifteen-year follow-up.
Role of serum prolactin determination in evaluation of impotent patient.
Clinical experience implanting an inflatable penile prosthesis with controlled-expansion cylinder.
Experience with Duraphase penile prosthesis: its use as replacement device.
Retrograde transurethral balloon dilation of prostate: innovative management of abacterial chronic prostatitis and prostatodynia.
Continence level following radical prostatectomy.
Acute urinary retention in a child with appendiceal abscess: diagnostic dilemma.
The overlooked, retained Double J stent.
Primary lymphoma of prostate: transrectal ultrasonic appearance.
Epididymal metastasis from prostatic adenocarcinoma mimicking adenomatoid tumor.
Perirenal candidial abscess.
Femoral mononeuropathy after radical prostatectomy.
Indications for use of ketoconazole in management of metastatic prostate cancer.
Tetracyclines in urology: current concepts
Testicular calcifications and neoplasia in patient treated for subfertility.
Corporectomy for intractable sickle-associated priapism.
X linked hypophosphataemia: treatment, height gain, and nephrocalcinosis.
Eight and 12 week courses of cyclophosphamide in nephrotic syndrome
Predicting treatment outcome in nocturnal enuresis.
5 alpha-reductase deficiency without hypospadias.
Indomethacin responsive hypercalcaemia associated with a renal sarcoma.
Severe hypertension after liver transplantation in alpha 1 antitrypsin deficiency.
Ultrasonography compared with intravenous urography in the investigation of adults with haematuria
Development of renal scars in children: missed opportunities in management. South Bedfordshire Practitioners' Group.
Dilatation in the duplex kidney: 3 unusual cases.
Crystalluria, medullary matrix crystal deposits and bladder calculi associated with an acutely induced renal papillary necrosis.
The encased ureter: bullet and bodkin pattern, a reliable radiographic sign.
Bladder function in the mentally retarded.
Oxybutynin hydrochloride (3 mg) in the treatment of women with idiopathic detrusor instability.
Response to treatment of detrusor instability in relation to psychoneurotic status.
Double-blind, placebo-controlled, cross-over study of flavoxate in the treatment of idiopathic detrusor instability.
The perineal artificial sphincter for acquired incontinence--a cut and dried solution?
Urinary infection following out-patient flexible cystoscopy.
Radiotherapy for palliation of locally advanced prostatic carcinoma.
Serum levels of sex hormone binding globulin and oestradiol in patients with testicular cancer.
Surgical approach to the retrocrural lymph nodes.
Treatment of infants with neurogenic bladder dysfunction using anticholinergic drugs and intermittent catheterisation.
Treatment with desmopressin in severe nocturnal enuresis in childhood.
The effect of post-pubertal varicocele on testicular volume.
The influence of autologous lymphokine-activated killer cell infusions on the toxicity and antitumor effect of repetitive cycles of interleukin-2.
The role of ifosfamide plus cisplatin-based chemotherapy as salvage therapy for patients with refractory germ cell tumors.
131I treatment of thyroid papillary carcinoma in a patient with renal failure.
Prognostic significance of type IV collagen and laminin immunoreactivity in urothelial carcinomas of the bladder.
Cancer of the urinary bladder in blacks and whites. A case-control study.
Increased plasma histamine levels in uraemic pruritus.
Protein turnover in uraemia in the rat.
Carcinogen hemoglobin adducts, urinary mutagenicity, and metabolic phenotype in active and passive cigarette smokers.
The use of interferon alpha-C in patients with metastatic renal cell carcinoma arising in a congenital solitary kidney.
Recurrent pain, illness intrusiveness, and quality of life in end-stage renal disease.
Screening for slight albuminuria: a comparison of selected commercially available methods.
Ulcerative lesions and herpes simplex virus type 2 in a patient with Evan's syndrome.
Surgical complications of continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis.
Pulmonary capillaritis and glomerulonephritis in an antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody-positive patient with prior granulomatous aortitis.
Lack of prognostic value of nucleolar organizer region enumeration in transitional cell carcinoma of the bladder.
Shortening of the hemodialysis procedure and mortality in "healthy" dialysis patients.
Morbidity and mortality in hemodialysis patients.
Kt/V and hemodialysis morbidity revisited.
Income and survival in chronic dialysis patients.
Non-heparin hemodialysis with oral administration of newly developed antiplatelet agent.
Cardiac arrest after hypertonic citrate anticoagulation for chronic hemodialysis.
Effects of recombinant human erythropoietin on T lymphocyte subsets in hemodialysis patients.
Effectiveness of low dose erythropoietin: a possible advantage of high flux hemodialysis.
Leukocyte overshoot: a new sign of bioincompatibility in fast hemodialysis.
Sterile versus non-sterile dialysis fluid in chronic hemodialysis treatment.
Low-dose heparinization can be used with DEAE-cellulose hemodialysis membranes.
Ionic strength affects diffusive permeability to an inorganic phosphate ion of negatively charged dialysis membranes.
(A)typical symptoms during single needle dialysis.
Rapid methods of estimating Kt/V: three formulas compared.
Various methods for calculation of Kt/V: a clinical comparison.
Peritoneal macrophage beta-2 microglobulin production and bacterial peritonitis in CAPD patients.
Evaluation of plasma sodium concentration during hemodialysis by computerization of dialysate conductivity.
Altered pattern of calcium kinetics in hemodialysis patients after parathyroidectomy.
Pressure effects on roller pump blood flow during hemodialysis.
Change in sympathetic activity before, during, and after dialysis-induced hypotension.
Benefit of bicarbonate dialysis during CAVHD.
Modulation of peritoneal macrophage antimicrobial activity by peritoneal dialysis fluid, Ca++, and 1,25(OH)2D3 in CAPD patients.
Long-term experience with Swan Neck Missouri catheters.
A prospective randomized evaluation of chronic peritoneal catheters. Insertion site and intraperitoneal segment.
Complications of Tenckhoff catheters post removal.
Phenotypic characterization of monocytes and macrophages from CAPD patients.
Therapeutic effects of simvastatin on hyperlipidemia in CAPD patients.
Influence of phosphatidylcholine on ultrafiltration and solute transfer in CAPD patients.
Chronic nightly tidal peritoneal dialysis.
Biocompatibility of dialysis membranes is of no importance for objective or subjective symptoms during or after hemodialysis.
Clinical effects of a polyethylene glycol grafted cellulose membrane on thrombogenicity and biocompatibility during hemodialysis.
Difference in beta 2-microglobulin removal between cellulosic and synthetic polymer membrane dialyzers.
One year of rHuEPO therapy prolongs RBC survival and may stabilize RBC membranes despite natural progression of chronic renal failure to uremia and need for dialysis.
Recombinant human erythropoietin does not increase clotting in vascular accesses.
Suppression of immunoglobulin and interleukin-6 production from peripheral blood mononuclear cells by dialysis membranes.
Urinary tract dilatation in constipated children.
Effect of hydrocele on testis and spermatogenesis.
Plasma therapy for severe hemolytic-uremic syndrome in children in Atlantic Canada.
Gastric mucosal PGE2 levels in gastric non-ulcer and ulcer patients with chronic renal failure or without renal diseases and in healthy subjects.
Minimizing urinary incontinence in the nursing home.
Activity of type 1 erythrocyte complement receptors in uremia and after renal transplantation.
Comparison of two methods for the estimation of urea kinetics and introduction of a third simplified method.
Palmar keratoses in family members of individuals with bladder cancer.
Anti-RNA polymerase I antibodies in the urine of patients with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Microscopic Wegener's disease: a particular form of Wegener's granulomatosis.
The percutaneous operative gastrostomy for gastric decompression in major urological surgery.
Ureteral triplication and ureterocele: report of 3 cases and review of the literature.
Screening for prostatic carcinoma.
Highly sensitized patients with delayed graft function: a management protocol.
Substance abuse-related spontaneous bladder rupture: report of 2 cases and review of the literature.
Bladder outlet obstruction due to pelvic lipoma: computerized tomography, magnetic resonance imaging and radiographic evaluation.
Adenocarcinoma of the urachus associated with elevated levels of CA 125.
Unresectable calcified bladder tumor: hemiacidrin irrigation as an adjunct to resection.
Rectourethral fistula caused by Kaposi's sarcoma.
A lethal complication of papaverine-induced priapism.
Adenocarcinoma of the prostate in a 41-year-old man with XXY karyotype and chronic lymphocytic leukemia: report of a case.
Exaggerated venous mural hypertrophy in association with metastatic adenocarcinoma of the prostate.
End stage renal disease serum contains a specific renal cell growth factor.
Enhancing effect of partial cystectomy on rat urinary bladder carcinogenesis.
Cytotoxic effects of high energy shock waves in different in vitro models: influence of the experimental set-up.
The effect of chronic renal insufficiency on cyclosporine nephrotoxicity.
Immunotherapy of murine bladder cancer by irradiated tumor vaccine.
The effects of basic fibroblast growth factor and suramin on cell motility and growth of rat prostate cancer cells.
Surgical management and prognosis of renal cell carcinoma invading the vena cava.
Endourological experience with cystine calculi and a treatment algorithm.
Extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy in combination with transurethral surgery for management of large bladder calculi and moderate outlet obstruction.
Tamm-Horsfall autoantibodies in interstitial cystitis.
Progression of stage T1 bladder tumors after intravesical bacillus Calmette-Guerin [published erratum appears in J Urol 1991 Apr;145(4):840]
Results of contemporary radical cystectomy for invasive bladder cancer: a clinicopathological study with an emphasis on the inadequacy of the tumor, nodes and metastases classification.
Total bladder replacement using detubularized sigmoid colon: technique and results.
Intracavernous injection of prostaglandin E1 in combination with papaverine: enhanced effectiveness in comparison with papaverine plus phentolamine and prostaglandin E1 alone.
The fate of residual fragments after extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy monotherapy of infection stones.
Pathophysiology of prolonged penile erection associated with trazodone use.
Priapism associated with the sickle cell hemoglobinopathies: prevalence, natural history and sequelae.
Prevalence of carcinoma in situ and other histopathological abnormalities in testes from 399 men who died suddenly and unexpectedly.
Application of the monoclonal antibody Ki-67 on prostate biopsies to assess the fraction of human prostatic carcinoma.
Prostate cancer: comparison of digital rectal examination and transrectal ultrasound for screening.
Trace elements and urinary stone formation: new aspects of the pathological mechanism of urinary stone formation.
Prophylaxis of uric acid stones with alternate day doses of alkaline potassium salts.
Effect of restricting dietary protein on the progression of renal failure in patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus
An epidemiologic study of abuse of analgesic drugs. Effects of phenacetin and salicylate on mortality and cardiovascular morbidity (1968 to 1987)
Structural genitourinary defects detected in utero.
Nonpalpable cancer of the prostate: assessment with transrectal US.
Biologic aggressiveness of palpable and nonpalpable prostate cancer: assessment with endosonography.
Congenital cystic disease of the seminal vesicle.
Detection of vascular complications in renal allografts with color Doppler flow imaging.
Hemodialysis-related amyloidomas of bone.
Involvement of thromboxane and neutrophils in multiple-system organ edema with interleukin-2.
Immunologic evidence for the in situ deposition of a cytoplasmic streptococcal antigen (endostreptosin) on the glomerular basement membrane in rats.
Decrease in mean platelet survival time in acute poststreptococcal glomerulonephritis (APSGN).
Postpartum renal failure in systemic lupus erythematosus.
Hemolytic uremic syndrome in patients with Behcet's disease treated with cyclosporin A: report of 2 cases.
Knowledge of hemodialysis and CAPD patients about their prescribed medicines.
Chemoprotective effects of recombinant human IL-1 alpha in cyclophosphamide-treated normal and tumor-bearing mice. Protection from acute toxicity, hematologic effects, development of late mortality, and enhanced therapeutic efficacy.
Pharmacokinetics of intravenous pentamidine in patients with normal renal function or receiving hemodialysis.
Post-traumatic priapism treated with metaraminol bitartrate: case report.
Traumatic left renal artery stenosis managed with splenorenal bypass: case report.
Angiotensin II and the maintenance of GFR and renal blood flow during renal artery narrowing.
The renin-angiotensin system and renal function in kidney transplantation.
Angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors and progression of chronic renal failure.
Molecular biology of the renal renin-angiotensin system.
Growth hormone for short stature not due to classic growth hormone deficiency.
Urologic function after experimental cauda equina compression. Cystometrograms versus cortical-evoked potentials.
Delayed anterior decompression in patients with spinal cord and cauda equina injuries of the thoracolumbar spine.
Cerebellar syndrome caused by isoniazid.
Soft tissue calcification in renal failure.
Irreversible tubulointerstitial damage associated with chronic aminonucleoside nephrosis. Amelioration by angiotensin I converting enzyme inhibition.
Distribution of endogenous albumin in the glomerular wall of proteinuric patients.
Systemic lupus erythematosus after renal transplantation: patient and graft survival and disease activity. The Dutch Working Party on Systemic Lupus Erythematosus
Guanidino compounds that are increased in cerebrospinal fluid and brain of uremic patients inhibit GABA and glycine responses on mouse neurons in cell culture.
Renal protective effects of angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors.
Immunohistochemical study of vascular lesions in severe hypertension induced by DOCA and salt administration to spontaneously hypertensive rats.
Alterations in renal medullary hemodynamics and the pressure-natriuretic response in genetic hypertension.
Incidence of advanced chronic renal failure and the need for end stage renal replacement treatment
Prevalence of advanced renal failure in Northern Ireland
Diagnosis of abdominal masses with percutaneous biopsy guided by ultrasound
Etoposide therapy for testicular cancer.
Adenine nucleotide changes in kidney, liver, and small intestine during different forms of ischemic injury.
Effects of thromboxane synthesis inhibitor triflusal on renal hemodynamics in microalbuminuric diabetic patients.
Managing prostatitis in the elderly.
On the mechanism of impaired insulin secretion in chronic renal failure.
Antibody coated bacteria in urine of patients with recent spinal injury.
Effectiveness of carboplatin, etoposide, and bleomycin combination chemotherapy in good-prognosis metastatic testicular nonseminomatous germ cell tumors.
A randomized trial of cisplatin, vinblastine, and bleomycin versus vinblastine, cisplatin, and etoposide in the treatment of advanced germ cell tumors of the testis: a Southwest Oncology Group study
Tropical spastic paraparesis-like illness occurring in a patient dually infected with HIV-1 and HTLV-II.
Lack of evidence for link between intradental lesions and chronic renal failure.
Cryoglobulinemia induced by a murine IgG3 rheumatoid factor: skin vasculitis and glomerulonephritis arise from distinct pathogenic mechanisms.
The natural history of renal stone disease after parathyroidectomy for primary hyperparathyroidism.
An algorithm for diagnosis and therapy of management and complications of urolithiasis during pregnancy.
Efficacy of doxazosin in specific hypertensive patient groups.
An evaluation of the efficacy and safety of doxazosin in hypertension associated with renal dysfunction. The Japanese Doxazosin Study Group.
Sickle cell trait revisited.
Abnormalities of von Willebrand factor multimers in thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura and the hemolytic-uremic syndrome.
Glomerular structures and lipids in progressive renal disease.
Therapeutic implications of lipid-lowering agents in the progression of renal disease.
Hyperlipidemia of nephrosis: pathophysiologic role in progressive glomerular disease.
Rationale and management of hyperlipidemia of the nephrotic syndrome.
Genetic differences in susceptibility to glomerular sclerosis: a role for lipids?
Hyperlipidemia and glomerular sclerosis: an alternative viewpoint.
Similarities between glomerular sclerosis and atherosclerosis in human renal biopsy specimens: a role for lipoprotein glomerulopathy.
Lipid abnormalities, renal failure, and parathyroid hormone.
The hyperlipidemia of the nephrotic syndrome.
Serum lipids in patients with chronic renal failure on long-term, protein-restricted diets.
Cholesterol and lipid disturbances in renal disease: the natural history of uremic dyslipidemia and the impact of hemodialysis and continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis.
Desmopressin-induced improvement in bleeding times in chronic renal failure patients correlates with platelet serotonin uptake and ATP release.
Renal disease in noninsulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Can the rate of progression of chronic renal failure be altered?
Pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of doxacurium in normal patients and in those with hepatic or renal failure.
Liver transplantation in children.
Effect of race on expression of acquired immunodeficiency syndrome-associated nephropathy.
The epidemiologic features of nosocomial infections in patients with trauma.
Oral indomethacin for acute renal colic.
Perianal streptococcal cellulitis with penile involvement.
Response rates and survival in primary systemic amyloidosis.
Urological complications in 350 consecutive renal transplants.
Emphysematous pyelonephritis: surgical implications.
Excretion of urinary protein induced by extracorporeal piezoelectric lithotripsy.
Do stone formers have lower urinary fibrinolytic activity than controls?
Renal angiomyolipoma: report of 24 cases.
Small cell carcinoma of the urinary tract.
The effect of verapamil on the anti-tumour action of mitozantrone and doxorubicin against renal carcinoma cells in vitro.
Treatment of renal colic by prostaglandin synthetase inhibitors and avafortan (analgesic antispasmodic).
Caffeine: does it affect your bladder?
Experience with a simplified technique for the treatment of female stress urinary incontinence.
Urinary continence in spinal injury patients following complete sacral posterior rhizotomy.
Ten cases of transitional cell carcinoma of bladder causing ureteric obstruction.
Prostate tumour markers and differentiation grade in prostatic cancer.
Treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia with phytosterols.
Acute epididymitis: why patient and consort must be investigated.
Semen analysis in patients operated on for impalpable testes.
Epidermoid cyst (monodermal teratoma) of the testis.
Comparison of urethral reaction to full silicone, hydrogen-coated and siliconised latex catheters.
The cancer experience in the Framingham Heart Study cohort.
Two-drug therapy in patients with metastatic germ cell tumors.
T-cell lymphoma and mature nephroblastoma after synchronous bilateral Wilms' tumor.
Hepatocellular carcinoma as second malignant neoplasms in successfully treated Wilms' tumor patients. A National Wilms' Tumor Study report.
Prostate-specific antigen and external beam radiation therapy in prostate cancer.
Black tobacco, mate, and bladder cancer. A case-control study from Uruguay.
Recurrent renal cell carcinoma arising in Wilms' tumor.
Comparative epidemiology of cancer between the United States and Japan. A second look.
Extrarenal production of calcitriol in normal and uremic humans.
Kidney function and cardiovascular risk factors in non-insulin-dependent diabetics (NIDDM) with microalbuminuria.
Progression of renal insufficiency in analgesic nephropathy: impact of continuous drug abuse.
Functional status and quality of life: predictors of early mortality among patients entering treatment for end stage renal disease.
Noninvasive measurement of renal blood flow with technetium-99m-DTPA in the evaluation of patients with suspected renovascular hypertension
Ureteric catheterization in the diagnosis of pyelonephritis--an experimental evaluation.
Effects of probucol on renal function in rats with bilateral ureteral obstruction.
Three-dimensional morphometric analysis of segmental glomerulosclerosis in the rat.
Albuterol and insulin for treatment of hyperkalemia in hemodialysis patients.
Fosinopril prevents hyperfiltration and decreases proteinuria in post-transplant hypertensives.
L-lactate high-efficiency hemodialysis: hemodynamics, blood gas changes, potassium/phosphorus, and symptoms.
Multicenter trial of L-carnitine in maintenance hemodialysis patients. I. Carnitine concentrations and lipid effects.
Multicenter trial of L-carnitine in maintenance hemodialysis patients. II. Clinical and biochemical effects.
Effects of recombinant human erythropoietin on cerebral and cutaneous blood flow and on blood coagulability.
Soft tissue calcification in pediatric patients with end-stage renal disease.
Influence of calcium acetate or calcium citrate on intestinal aluminum absorption.
Anaphylactoid reactions during hemodialysis on AN69 membranes in patients receiving ACE inhibitors.
Two prostate carcinoma cell lines demonstrate abnormalities in tumor suppressor genes.
Renal oncocytoma: long-term follow-up and flow cytometric DNA analysis.
Treatable complications in undiagnosed cases of autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease.
Serological identification of Escherichia coli O157:H7 infection in haemolytic uraemic syndrome.
Nonhomologous chromatid exchange in hereditary and sporadic renal cell carcinomas.
Renovascular disease and renal complications of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor therapy
Bacteremia due to Escherichia coli: a study of 861 episodes.
Urinary tract infection caused by Corynebacterium group D2: report of 82 cases and review.
Transurethral resection versus needle biopsy prior to radical prostatectomy for stage C prostate cancer. Influence on progression and survival.
Treatment of unstable bladder.
Effect of ileal conduit on patients' activities following radical cystectomy.
Cecal tubularization: lengthening technique for creation of catheterizable conduit.
Use of biofeedback in treatment of psychogenic voiding dysfunction.
Renal cell carcinoma vs. renal oncocytoma. Report of a case with overlap features and review of the literature
Treatment of renal transplant stones by extracorporeal shock-wave lithotripsy in the prone position.
Anal submucosal injection: a new route for drug administration. VI. Chronic prostatitis: a new modality of treatment with report of eleven cases.
Ultrasonographic findings of testicular microlithiasis associated with intratubular germ cell neoplasia.
Germ cell tumor of testis in a patient with von Hippel-Lindau disease.
Eosinophilic granuloma of bladder.
Study of antireflux nipple valves of Kock ileal urinary reservoir. Experimental investigation in dogs.
The radiographic spectrum of renal osteodystrophy.
Etiology and pathophysiology of pyelonephritis.
The effect of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibition and dietary protein restriction in the treatment of proteinuria.
Preservation of renal reserve in chronic renal disease.
Survival in patients with end-stage renal disease.
Androgens potentiate the effects of erythropoietin in the treatment of anemia of end-stage renal disease
Effect of hemodialysis on protein C, protein S, and antithrombin III levels.
Epstein-Barr virus transformation of B lymphocytes from IgA nephropathy patients and first-degree relatives results in increased immunoglobulin synthesis not restricted to IgA.
Thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome: a pathologically documented case report.
Captopril renography in the diagnosis of renal artery stenosis: accuracy and limitations.
X-linked hypophosphatemia: skeletal mass in adults assessed by histomorphometry, computed tomography, and absorptiometry.
Interstitial cellular infiltration detected by fine-needle aspiration biopsy in nephritis.
Intraperitoneal phosphate administration in hungry bone syndrome.
Use of aminohydroxypropylidene bisphosphonate (AHPrBP, "APD") for the treatment of hypercalcemia in patients with renal impairment.
Secondary effects of erythropoietin treatment on metabolism and dialysis efficiency in stable hemodialysis patients.
Update: prostate cancer.
Acute renal failure in critically ill patients: prognosis for recovery of kidney function after prolonged dialysis support
Psychosocial distress and infertility: men and women respond differently.
Young's syndrome (obstructive azoospermia and chronic sinobronchial infection): a quantitative study of axonemal ultrastructure and function.
Study of bilateral histology and meiotic analysis in men undergoing varicocele ligation.
The concentrations of transferrin, beta 2-microglobulin, and albumin in seminal plasma in relation to sperm count.
Rapid baroreceptor resetting in chronic hypertension. Implications for normalization of arterial pressure.
Intrinsic vasodilation protects Wistar Kyoto rats from progressive glomerulosclerosis after unilateral nephrectomy.
Extracorporeal renal artery reconstruction for renovascular hypertension.
Penile duplex sonography in the diagnosis of venogenic impotence.
Efficacy of bladder training in older women with urinary incontinence.
Cigarette smoking increases the risk of albuminuria among subjects with type I diabetes.
The sexual relationship of male alcoholics and their female partners during periods of drinking and abstinence.
The effects of nonthyroid disease and drugs on thyroid function tests.
Simple renal cysts in children: diagnosis and follow-up with US.
Nonpalpable prostate cancer: detection with MR imaging.
Determination of prostate volume with transrectal US for cancer screening. Part I. Comparison with prostate-specific antigen assays.
Renal artery stenosis: in vivo perfusion MR imaging.
Cerebral infarction in patients with nephrotic syndrome.
Primary signet-ring cell carcinoma of the urinary bladder.
Phenotypic relationships of prostatic intraepithelial neoplasia to invasive prostatic carcinoma.
Urinary excretion of the C5b-9 membrane attack complex of complement is a marker of immune disease activity in autologous immune complex nephritis.
Transforming growth factor-beta production in anti-glomerular basement membrane disease in the rabbit.
Less frequent lithium administration and lower urine volume.
Dipstick analysis of urinary protein. A comparison of Chemstrip-9 and Multistix-10SG.
Platelet-activating factor mediates glycerol-induced acute renal failure in rats.
Effect of polycations on the function of the isolated perfused rat kidney.
Mucosal peptide hydrolase and brush-border marker enzyme activities in three regions of the small intestine of rats with experimental uraemia.
Therapy for women hospitalized with acute pyelonephritis: a randomized trial of ampicillin versus trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole for 14 days.
Dependence among host response parameters used to diagnose urinary tract infection.
Sex or survival: trade-offs between quality and quantity of life.
DMPS as a rescue agent for the nephropathy induced by mercuric chloride.
Ureteral obstruction and ureteral fistulas after aortofemoral or aortoiliac bypass surgery.
Management of primary nonrenal parenchymal malignancies with vena caval thrombus.
The incidence and prognostic significance of humoral hypercalcemia in renal cell carcinoma.
Post-transplant renal artery stenosis: a possible immunological phenomenon.
Acute changes in renal function following extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy in patients with a solitary functioning kidney.
Use of the Collings knife electrode for percutaneous access in difficult endourology cases.
Ureteral calculi: natural history and treatment in an era of advanced technology.
Management of upper tract calculi in patients with tubularized urinary diversions.
Cellular immunity in interstitial cystitis.
Uptake of 2-deoxy, 2-(18F) fluoro-D-glucose in bladder cancer: animal localization and initial patient positron emission tomography.
Vacuum tumescence devices: the role of papaverine in the selection of patients.
Intracavernous self-injection of vasoactive drugs in the treatment of impotence: 8-year experience with 615 cases.
Recurrent subacute torsion: prospective study of effects on testicular morphology and function.
Post-chemotherapy tumor residuals in patients with advanced nonseminomatous testicular cancer. Is it necessary to resect all residual masses?
Interstitial temperature measurements during transurethral microwave hyperthermia.
Treatment of benign prostatic hypertrophy by a long-acting gonadotropin-releasing hormone analogue: 1-year experience.
Predicting radionuclide bone scan findings in patients with newly diagnosed, untreated prostate cancer: prostate specific antigen is superior to all other clinical parameters.
The distribution of residual cancer in radical prostatectomy specimens in stage A prostate cancer.
Bioavailability of potassium and magnesium, and citraturic response from potassium-magnesium citrate.
Laser treatment of obstruction from incrusted ureteral catheter.
Endopyelotomy for secondary ureteropelvic junction obstruction in children.
Continence in bladder exstrophy: determinants of success.
Management of posterior urethral strictures secondary to pelvic fractures in children.
Acute urinary retention secondary to Herpes simplex meningitis.
Endometriosis of bladder after menopause.
Pelvic lipomatosis associated with cystitis glandularis and adenocarcinoma of the bladder.
Locally recurrent endometrioid adenocarcinoma of the prostate after radical prostatectomy.
Cavernous nerve grafts restore erectile function in denervated rats
Effect of suramin on human prostate cancer cells in vitro.
Acute and chronic bioeffects of single and multiple doses of piezoelectric shockwaves (EDAP LT.01).
Influence of age and endocrine factors on the volume of benign prostatic hyperplasia.
Obstruction and recanalization of the ureter during embryonic development.
Expression of c-erbB-2 gene product in urinary bladder cancer.
Color Doppler ultrasound compared to a radionuclide scanning of spermatic cord torsion in a canine model.
Coronary artery bypass operation in dialysis patients.
Urinary sediment changes in severe preeclampsia.
Bladder training in older women with urinary incontinence: relationship between outcome and changes in urodynamic observations.
Clinical features and natural history of von Hippel-Lindau disease
Parathyroidectomy in chronic renal failure: a nine-year follow-up study.
Factors related to treatment resistance in hypertension.
Treatment of renal cell carcinoma by extracorporeal partial nephrectomy and autotransplantation using splenic vascular anastomosis.
Effects of pentoxifylline on proteinuria in normotensive patients with diabetes mellitus.
Adipose tissue fatty acid composition and its relations to diet and plasma lipid concentrations in hemodialysis patients.
Nephrotic syndrome complicating adenocarcinoma of the lung with resolution after resection.
Effect of vaginal delivery on the pelvic floor: a 5-year follow-up.
The acute and insidious onset of pulmonary metastatic transitional cell carcinoma.
Renal effects of cyclosporine.
Magnetic resonance imaging: a reliable test for the evaluation of proximal atherosclerotic renal arterial stenosis.
Maternal outcome after open fetal surgery. A review of the first 17 human cases.
Decreased local toxicity with subcutaneous diamorphine (heroin): a preliminary report.
The bed-wetting child. Current management of a frustrating problem.
Infrainguinal revascularization for limb salvage in patients with end-stage renal disease.
Human papillomavirus in prostatic cancer: no evidence found by in situ DNA hybridization.
Recurrent rhabdomyolysis in association with cocaine use.
Successful pregnancy in a patient receiving hemodialysis.
Demonstration of the genuine iso-12p character of the standard marker chromosome of testicular germ cell tumors and identification of further chromosome 12 aberrations by competitive in situ hybridization.
Diffuse proliferative glomerulonephritis in Behcet's syndrome.
Small cell carcinoma of the prostate.
The long-term effects of radiation therapy on patients with ovarian dysgerminoma.
Expectant management of localized prostatic cancer.
Prostate cancer: transrectal ultrasound and pathology comparison. A preliminary study of outer gland (peripheral and central zones) and inner gland (transition zone) cancer.
Oncologic imaging. Staging and follow-up of renal and adrenal carcinoma.
Induction of cytotoxicity of the renal hilar lymph nodes by pedal subcutaneous administration of interleukin-2 in patients with renal cancer.
Fibrin formation on vessel walls in hyperplastic and malignant prostate tissue.
Association of expression between N-myc gene and major histocompatibility complex class I gene in surgically resected human neuroblastoma.
Transurethral-resection zone prostate cancer detected at cystoprostatectomy. A detailed histologic analysis and clinical implications.
Serous papillary adenocarcinoma of the tunica vaginalis of the testis with metastasis.
Inotropic response to norepinephrine is augmented early and maintained late in conscious dogs with perinephritic hypertension.
Changes in diastolic cardiac function in developing and stable perinephritic hypertension in conscious dogs.
Results and complications of angioplasty in fibromuscular disease.
Management of renovascular disease. A surgical perspective.
Abnormal renal glucose handling in X-linked hypophosphataemic mice.
The role of lasers in hemorrhoidectomy.
Antibiotics: potential hazards to male fertility.
Intraperitoneal insemination in the treatment of male and unexplained infertility.
Risk factors for development of diabetic nephropathy and retinopathy in Jewish IDDM patients.
The renally compromised older hypertensive: therapeutic considerations.
Parathyroid function in normocalcemic renal transplant recipients: evaluation by calcium infusion.
Macrophages from nephrotic rats regulate apolipoprotein E biosynthesis and cholesterol content independently.
A randomized comparison of the nephrotoxicity of iopamidol and diatrizoate in high risk patients undergoing cardiac angiography.
A new syndrome: hearing loss and familial salivary gland insensitivity to aldosterone in two brothers.
Comparison of pump-driven and spontaneous continuous haemofiltration in postoperative acute renal failure.
Aggravation of subclinical diabetes insipidus during pregnancy
Aluminum accumulation during treatment with aluminum hydroxide and dialysis in children and young adults with chronic renal disease
Simple standing incremental cystometry as a screening method for detrusor instability.
Inhibition of growth of experimental prostate cancer with sustained delivery systems (microcapsules and microgranules) of the luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone antagonist SB-75.
Increased sensitivity to endotoxemia by tissue necrosis.
Use of cyproterone acetate in prostate cancer.
Use of suramin in treatment of prostatic carcinoma refractory to conventional hormonal manipulation.
Hemibody irradiation in advanced prostatic carcinoma.
Use of intravenous stilbestrol diphosphate in patients with prostatic carcinoma refractory to conventional hormonal manipulation.
Management of spinal cord compression secondary to metastatic prostatic carcinoma.
Advanced prostatic carcinoma. Early versus late endocrine therapy.
Treatment of metastatic prostate cancer of the spine.
Future developments of nonhormonal systemic therapy for prostatic carcinoma.
Imaging of patients with stage D prostatic carcinoma.
Total androgen ablation: Canadian experience.
Megestrol acetate plus low-dose estrogen in the management of advanced prostatic carcinoma.
Role of 5 alpha-reductase inhibitors in the treatment of advanced prostatic carcinoma.
Use of the nonsteroidal anti-androgen Casodex in advanced prostatic carcinoma.
Initial results with slightly modified Kock pouch.
Use of standard contraceptive diaphragm in management of stress urinary incontinence.
Dilated renal collecting systems: differentiating obstructive from nonobstructive dilation using duplex Doppler ultrasound.
Association of germ cell tumors and Hodgkin's disease.
Coexistence of testicular carcinoma and hairy cell leukemia.
Techniques in endoscopic lithotripsy using pulsed dye laser.
Bilateral renal cell carcinoma with metastasis to thyroid.
Pulmonary embolization of iodine-125 seeds following prostate implantation.
Multilocular cysts of kidney. A study of 29 patients and review of literature.
Mobile epididymis. A new clinicopathologic entity in genesis of male infertility and its treatment by epididymopexy.
Simple urodynamic evaluation of incontinent elderly female nursing home patients. A descriptive analysis.
Intravesical bacillus Calmette-Guerin for patients with high-risk superficial bladder cancer.
Percutaneous urinary diversion in patients with hormone-refractory prostate cancer.
Prognostic factors and value of adjunctive nephrectomy in patients with stage IV renal cell carcinoma.
Pharmacokinetics and metabolism of nilutamide.
Castration plus nilutamide vs castration plus placebo in advanced prostate cancer. A review.
Combination of Anandron with orchiectomy in treatment of metastatic prostate cancer. Results of a double-blind study.
Pharmacology of antiandrogens and value of combining androgen suppression with antiandrogen therapy.
Antisperm antibody detection using concurrent cytofluorometry and indirect immunofluorescence microscopy.
An overview of pregnancy in women with underlying renal disease.
Specific controversies concerning the natural history of renal disease in pregnancy.
Dialysis, transplantation, and pregnancy.
The renal lesion of preeclampsia revisited.
Ten years' experience with continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis.
Continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis: ten years at one facility.
The effects of reprocessing cuprophane and polysulfone dialyzers on beta 2-microglobulin removal from hemodialysis patients [published erratum appears in Am J Kidney Dis 1991 Jul;18(1):144]
Concomitant iron and aluminum mass transfer following deferoxamine infusion during hemofiltration.
Calcitriol metabolism in patients with chronic renal failure.
Community-acquired acute renal failure.
Serial glomerular and tubular dynamics in thyroidectomized rats with remnant kidneys.
Recurrent acute glomerulonephritis.
Group B streptococcus: an unusual cause of severe peritonitis in young children treated with continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis.
Prospective analysis of sperm-oocyte fusion and reactive oxygen species generation as criteria for the diagnosis of infertility.
Mechanisms of hemolysis and anemia associated with acute antepartum pyelonephritis.
Urinary tract dilatation in pregnancy.
Platelet-complement interactions in mesangial proliferative nephritis in the rat.
Glomerular basement membrane expansion in passive Heymann nephritis. Absence of increased synthesis of type IV collagen, laminin, or fibronectin.
Angioplasty of renal arteries: a report of ten year's experience.
Recombinant human erythropoietin and renal anemia: molecular biology, clinical efficacy, and nervous system effects
Proportion of lung and bladder cancers in males resulting from occupation: a systematic approach
Adoptive immunotherapy with high-dose interleukin-2: kinetics of circulating progenitors correlate with interleukin-6, granulocyte colony-stimulating factor level.
Six year follow up of infants with bacteriuria on screening.
Management of staghorn stones using a combination of lithotripsy, percutaneous nephrolithotomy and Solution R irrigation.
The impact of extracorporeal piezoelectric lithotripsy on the management of ureteric calculi: an audit.
Do extracorporeal shock waves affect urinary excretion of glycosaminoglycans?
Upper tract tumours following cystectomy for bladder cancer. Is routine intravenous urography worthwhile?
Transitional cell carcinoma of the upper urinary tract: prognostic variables and post-operative recurrences.
Pattern of urological malignancy in Zambia. A hospital-based histopathological study.
Urodynamic morbidity and dysuria prophylaxis.
Night studies for primary diurnal and nocturnal enuresis and preliminary results of the "clam" ileocystoplasty.
Can histological assessment predict the outcome in interstitial cystitis?
Is voided urine suitable for flow cytometric DNA analysis?
Clinical significance of the "palpable mass" in patients with muscle-infiltrating bladder cancer undergoing cystectomy after pre-operative radiotherapy.
Radical radiation treatment of invasive and locally advanced bladder carcinoma in elderly patients.
Adjuvant topical chemotherapy versus immunotherapy in primary superficial transitional cell carcinoma of the bladder.
Short-term radiotherapy as palliative treatment in patients with transitional cell bladder cancer.
Activation of complement, kallikrein-kinin, fibrinolysis and coagulation systems by urinary catheters. Effect of time and temperature in biocompatibility studies.
Haemospermia: a prospective study.
Vasal injuries during childhood and their effect on subsequent fertility.
Outcome of antenatally diagnosed pelviureteric junction hydronephrosis.
Anorectal dysfunction in patients with urologic disturbance due to multiple sclerosis.
Intravascular retention and renal handling of purified natural and intramolecularly cross-linked hemoglobins.
Factor XIII and its substrates, fibronectin, fibrinogen, and alpha 2-antiplasmin, in plasma and urine of patients with nephrosis.
Electrophysiology of motor pathways for sphincter control in multiple sclerosis.
Lumbosacral evoked potentials and vesicourethral function in patients with chronic suprasacral spinal cord injury.
Prognostic significance of proteinuria one year after onset of diarrhea-associated hemolytic-uremic syndrome.
Long-term outcome and prognostic indicators in the hemolytic-uremic syndrome.
Fluorouracil and recombinant human interferon alfa-2a in the treatment of metastatic chemotherapy-refractory urothelial tumors.
Spontaneous renal rupture during pregnancy.
Donating a kidney to a family member. How primary care physicians can help prepare potential donors.
Oral magnetic particles in MR imaging of the abdomen and pelvis.
Capsular transgression of prostatic carcinoma: evaluation with transrectal US with pathologic correlation.
Prostate cancer: local staging with endorectal surface coil MR imaging.
Combined gadolinium-enhanced and fat-saturation MR imaging of renal masses.
Comparative study of cephradine and amoxicillin-clavulanate in the treatment of recurrent urinary tract infections.
Saltpeter ingestion.
Self-administered intraurethral chlorpromazine: an unusual cause of priapism.
Prenatal genetic counseling.
Miliary tuberculosis presenting as hepatic and renal failure.
Severe hemorrhagic radiation proctitis advancing to gradual cessation with hyperbaric oxygen.
Ampullary tumor caused by metastatic renal cell carcinoma.
The impact of breakthrough clinical trials on survival in population based tumor registries.
Routine screening for cancer of the prostate.
Definitions, classification, and clinical presentation of urinary tract infections.
Bacterial etiologic agents in the pathogenesis of urinary tract infection.
Host defense mechanisms in the pathogenesis of urinary tract infection.
Epidemiology and natural history of urinary tract infections in children.
The natural history of urinary infection in adults.
Laboratory in the diagnosis and management of urinary tract infections.
Management of urinary tract infections in children.
Management of acute uncomplicated urinary tract infection in adults.
Epidemiology, natural history, and management of urinary tract infections in pregnancy.
Special problems of urinary tract infection in the elderly.
Urinary tract infection in the impaired host.
Prostatitis.
Radiology of renal infection.
The role of the urologist in urinary tract infection.
The catheter and urinary tract infection.
Urinary tract infection: economic considerations.
Transient oliguria with renal tubular dysfunction after a 90 km running race.
Photosensitized destruction of human bladder carcinoma cells treated with chlorin e6-conjugated microspheres.
Tumoral thrombosis of cerebral venous sinuses: preoperative diagnosis using magnetic resonance phase imaging.
Hemolytic transfusion reaction following transfusion of frozen and washed autologous red cells
Granulomatous prostatitis and poorly differentiated prostate carcinoma. Their distinction with the use of immunohistochemical methods.
Immunotactoid glomerulopathy.
Prolonged survival with a remnant kidney.
Renal function after tumor enucleation in a solitary kidney.
Evaluation of hemodialysis patients treated with erythropoietin.
Plasma terminal complement complexes in acute poststreptococcal glomerulonephritis.
Low-protein diet and glomerular size-selective function in membranous glomerulopathy.
Nephrotic proteinuria without hypoalbuminemia: clinical characteristics and response to angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibition.
Acute glomerulonephritis in a patient with Rocky Mountain spotted fever.
Combined hepatic and renal transplantation in primary hyperoxaluria type I: clinical report of nine cases.
Poisoning with equine phenylbutazone in a racetrack worker.
Management of acute pyelonephritis in an emergency department observation unit.
Treatment of pyelonephritis in an observation unit.
Experience with digoxin immune Fab (ovine) in patients with renal impairment.
Kinetic modeling of intracellular pH and comparison with 31P NMR experimental values in dialysed uremic patients.
A new cause of female pseudohermaphroditism: placental aromatase deficiency.
The N-terminal sequence of the major erythropoietic factor of an anephric patient is identical to insulin-like growth factor I.
Measurement of urinary lipopolysaccharide antibodies by ELISA as a screen for urinary tract infection.
Contrasting effects of lisinopril and nifedipine on albuminuria and tubular transport functions in insulin dependent diabetics with nephropathy.
The role of adjuvant chemotherapy following cystectomy for invasive bladder cancer: a prospective comparative trial.
Spontaneous perinephric hemorrhage: imaging and management.
Partial nephrectomy for renal cell carcinoma: indications, results and implications.
Percutaneous nephrolithotomy and the solitary kidney.
Percutaneous nephrolithotomy for calculi in horseshoe kidneys.
Extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy of urinary calculi: experience in treatment of 3,278 patients using the Siemens Lithostar and Lithostar Plus.
Treatment of steinstrasse with repeat extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy: experience with piezoelectric lithotriptor.
A seromuscular stripping method to create a nipple valve without metal stapling for continent urinary reservoir.
Sensitivity of urinary quantitative immunocytology with monoclonal antibody 486 P3/12 in 241 unselected patients with bladder carcinoma.
Oral or intravesical bacillus Calmette-Guerin immunoprophylaxis in bladder carcinoma.
Ileocolic neobladder post-cystectomy: continence and potency.
Impact of anatomical radical prostatectomy on urinary continence.
Correlation of ultrasound guided and digitally directed transrectal biopsies of palpable prostatic abnormalities.
Primary orchiectomy versus estrogen therapy in advanced prostatic cancer--a randomized study: results after 7 to 10 years of followup.
Radical prostatectomy and adjuvant radioactive gold seed placement: results of treatment at 5 and 10 years for clinical stages A2, B1 and B2 cancer of the prostate.
An objective score to predict upper tract deterioration in myelodysplasia.
Cystourethrometric findings in patients with detubularized right colonic segment for bladder replacement.
The detection of reflux nephropathy in infants by 99mtechnetium dimercaptosuccinic acid studies.
Preoperative endoscopic diagnosis of fibroepithelial polyp of the renal pelvis: a case report and review of the literature.
Nonspecific magnetic resonance appearance of renal oncocytomas: report of 3 cases and review of the literature.
Surgical management of renal cell carcinoma with extensive intracaval involvement using a venous bypass system suitable for rapid conversion to total cardiopulmonary bypass.
Spermatic cord for onlay coverage of urethral defect.
A continuous intravesical drug delivery system for the rat.
Patients with lower motor spinal cord lesion: a decrease of vasoactive intestinal polypeptide, calcitonin gene-related peptide and substance P, but not neuropeptide Y and somatostatin-immunoreactive nerves in the detrusor muscle of the bladder.
Determination of the coefficient of kinetic friction of urinary catheter materials.
Radio-contrast enhancement of urinary tract stones.
Cytostatic effects of suramin on prostate cancer cells cultured from primary tumors.
Assessment of the critical level of androgen for growth response of transplantable human prostatic carcinoma (PC-82) in nude mice.
Chronic effects of focused electrohydraulic shock waves on renal function and hypertension.
Renal arterial duplex Doppler ultrasound in dogs with urinary obstruction.
Experimental intravesical therapy for superficial transitional cell carcinoma in a rat bladder tumor model.
The effect of radiation therapy and hyperthermia on a human prostatic carcinoma cell line grown in athymic nude mice.
Image guided localized 31P magnetic resonance spectroscopy of acute urinary tract obstruction.
The effects of interleukin-6 on tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes derived from human renal cell cancer.
Preliminary experience with the pulsed dye laser for treatment of urolithiasis.
Bladder perforation resulting from the use of the neodymium:YAG laser.
Urinary tract infections.
Sexually transmitted diseases.
Reflux nephropathy and primary vesicoureteric reflux in adults
Diagnosis of heterozygous states for adenine phosphoribosyltransferase deficiency based on detection of in vivo somatic mutants in blood T cells: application to screening of heterozygotes.
Pharmacokinetics and bioavailability of intravenous-to-oral enoxacin in elderly patients with complicated urinary tract infections.
Somatostatin and analogues in the treatment of cancer. A review
Postcardiotomy mechanical circulatory support in the elderly.
Candida pyelonephritis complicating traumatic C5 quadriplegia: diagnosis and management.
Distal urethral electrical conductance (DUEC)--a preliminary assessment of its role as a quick screening test for incontinent women.
Comparison between perindopril and nifedipine in hypertensive and normotensive diabetic patients with microalbuminuria. Melbourne Diabetic Nephropathy Study Group
Magnetic resonance angiography of abdominal vessels: early experience using the three-dimensional phase-contrast technique.
Hemodialysis for acute renal failure in patients with hematologic malignancies.
Regulation of pulsatile luteinizing hormone secretion in experimental uremia.
Small artery resistance increases during the development of renal hypertension.
Renal nerves modulate renin gene expression in the developing rat kidney with ureteral obstruction.
Expression of smooth muscle cell phenotype by rat mesangial cells in immune complex nephritis. Alpha-smooth muscle actin is a marker of mesangial cell proliferation.
Percutaneous needle biopsy preceding preoperative chemotherapy in the management of massive renal tumors in children.
Cancer registry problems in classifying invasive bladder cancer.
Polyglucosan body disease.
Molecular characterization of a major nephritogenic domain in the autoantigen of anti-tubular basement membrane disease.
A complex ileovaginal fistula with associated obstructive uropathy in a patient with Crohn's disease: technical considerations and review of the literature.
Spontaneous rupture of a normal bladder.
Radical prostatectomy after definitive radiation therapy for prostate cancer.
Early detection program for prostate cancer: results and identification of high-risk patient population.
Gleason's histologic grading as clinical prognostic marker in patients with advanced prostatic carcinoma.
Simultaneous presentation of adenocarcinoma of prostate and transitional cell carcinoma of bladder.
Interstitial cystitis: successful management by increasing urinary voiding intervals.
Symptom analysis of patients undergoing modified Pereyra bladder neck suspension for stress urinary incontinence. Pre- and postoperative findings.
Incontinence management scale for elderly inpatient men.
Hypogonadal impotence treated by transdermal testosterone.
Bilateral emphysematous pyelonephritis.
Results of surgical treatment of kidney cancer with solitary metastasis to contralateral adrenal.
Endoscopic treatment of vesicoureteral reflux in children with neurogenic bladders.
Pediatric testicular tumors: the Johns Hopkins experience.
Renal cell metastases versus liver hemangioma.
Squamous cell carcinoma of prostate.
Causes of post-prostatectomy retention.
Giant sclerosing leiomyoma of bladder presenting as chronic renal failure.
Ureteral stump carcinoma incidentally found at cystectomy for bladder cancer.
Percutaneous transperineal prostate cryosurgery using transrectal ultrasound guidance: animal model.
Tumor-targeted chemotherapy with lipid contrast medium and macromolecular anticancer drug (SMANCS) for renal cell carcinoma.
Extremely low serum pyridoxal 5'-phosphate in children with familial hypophosphatemic rickets.
Pericardial metastasis from testicular seminoma: appearance and disappearance by echocardiography.
Diabetic nephropathy: changing concepts of pathogenesis and treatment.
Association between urinary symptoms at 7 years old and previous urinary tract infection.
Urinary 3-hydroxyproline excretion in Alport's syndrome: a non-invasive screening tests
Refractory hypoglycemia secondary to topical salicylate intoxication.
A pilot study of suramin in the treatment of metastatic renal cell carcinoma.
High-dose cisplatin plus dacarbazine in the treatment of metastatic melanoma.
Prognostic factors for survival of patients with advanced urothelial tumors treated with methotrexate, vinblastine, doxorubicin, and cisplatin chemotherapy.
The relationship of ABH(O) blood group antigen expression in intraepithelial dysplastic lesions to clinicopathologic properties of associated transitional cell carcinoma of the bladder.
Immunohistochemical analysis of extracellular components in the glomerular sclerosis of patients with glomerulonephritis.
Long-term survival patients with acute and severe renal failure due to multiple myeloma.
Acute effects of paracetamol on prostaglandin synthesis and renal function in normal man and in patients with renal failure.
Effect of cardiac catheterization on renal function.
Modification of serum and membrane lipid composition induced by diet in patients with chronic renal failure.
Renormalization of high cardiac output and of left ventricular size following long-term recombinant human erythropoietin treatment of anemic dialyzed uremic patients.
Abnormal erythrocyte choline transport in patients with chronic renal failure.
Reassessment of the single intravenous injection method with inulin for measurement of the glomerular filtration rate in man.
Controlled ovarian hyperstimulation and intrauterine insemination for treatment of infertility
Experience with peritoneal oocyte and sperm transfer as an outpatient-based treatment for infertility.
Systemic and renal production of thromboxane A2 and prostacyclin in decompensated liver disease and hepatorenal syndrome.
Shunt nephritis. Case report.
Rhabdomyolysis and renal failure following a wolf attack: case report.
Ultrasonic imaging of the abdomen. Report of the ultrasonography task force. Council on Scientific Affairs, American Medical Association.
Effect of leukocyte stimulation on rabbit immune complex glomerulonephritis.
Glomeruli synthesize nitrite in experimental nephrotoxic nephritis.
Effects of acute and chronic uremia on active cation transport in rat myocardium.
Quantitative studies of tubular immune complex formation and clearance in rats.
Somatosensory evoked potentials in acute renal failure: effect of parathyroidectomy.
Migration inhibition factor in acute serum sickness nephritis.
Glucose-induced insulin secretion in uremia: effects of aminophylline infusion and glucose loads.
Hyperkalemia in acute glomerulonephritis due to transient hyporeninemic hypoaldosteronism.
Hepatitis B vaccination and interleukin 2 receptor expression in chronic renal failure.
Renal structure and hypertension in autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease.
Effect of conjugated estrogens on platelet function and prostacyclin generation in CRF.
Glomerular interleukin 1 production is dependent on macrophage infiltration in anti-GBM glomerulonephritis.
Myoglobin depletes renal adenine nucleotide pools in the presence and absence of shock.
Glycolate determination detects type I primary hyperoxaluria in dialysis patients.
rHuEPO treatment improves brain and cognitive function of anemic dialysis patients.
Experimental immune complex-mediated glomerulonephritis in the nonhuman primate.
Localization of clusterin in the epimembranous deposits of passive Heymann nephritis.
Osmoregulation of thirst and vasopressin release in severe chronic renal failure.
Urinary excretion of endothelin-1 in normal subjects and patients with renal disease.
Phagocytosis in uremic and hemodialysis patients: a prospective and cross sectional study.
Sequential invasive assessment of fetal renal function and the intrauterine treatment of fetal obstructive uropathies.
Dynamic urethral pressure profilometry pressure transmission ratio: what do the numbers really mean?
Escherichia coli in patients with renal scarring: genotype and phenotype of Gal alpha 1-4Gal beta-, Forssman- and mannose-specific adhesins.
Evidence of infection with organisms producing Shiga-like toxins in household contacts of children with the hemolytic uremic syndrome.
Infection or suspected infection after hip replacement surgery with autologous or homologous blood transfusions.
Evaluating results of clinical trials in treatment of complicated urinary tract infection.
Parenteral ofloxacin in treatment of pyelonephritis.
Randomized study to evaluate efficacy and safety of ofloxacin vs. trimethoprim and sulfamethoxazole in treatment of uncomplicated urinary tract infection.
Worldwide clinical experience with ofloxacin in urologic cases.
Bacterial prostatitis: new methods of treatment.
Current patterns in nosocomial urinary tract infections.
Prostatic urethra dilatation with the Gianturco self-expanding metallic stent: a feasibility study in cadaver specimens and dogs.
Acute renal failure associated with the use of intraperitoneal carboplatin: a report of two cases and review of the literature.
Effect of antihypertensives on sexual function and quality of life: the TAIM Study
Ocular manifestations of nephropathic cystinosis. The French-Canadian experience in a genetically homogeneous population.
Ocular histopathologic findings in a 46-year-old man with primary hyperoxaluria.
Embryonal carcinoma of the testis presenting as a left heart mass.
Risk of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia in women with glomerulonephritis.
Sequential renography in acute urinary tract obstruction due to stone disease.
Is there a place for conservative surgery in the treatment of renal carcinoma?
Haematuria frequency syndrome in patients with positive HIV serology: observations in Zambia.
Artificial urinary sphincters around intestinal segments--are they safe?
Artificial urinary sphincter insertion in congenital neuropathic bladder.
Rationalisation of follow-up in patients with non-invasive bladder tumours. A preliminary report.
Histopathological "self control" in transurethral resection of bladder tumours.
Transferrin receptor activity as a marker in transitional cell carcinoma of the bladder.
Systemic chemotherapy for urothelial cancer in patients with ureteric obstruction.
Diagnosis of chronic abacterial prostato-vesiculitis by rectal ultrasonography in relation to symptoms and findings.
Dilatation of the prostatic urethra with 35 mm balloon.
Orchiectomy versus oestrogen in the treatment of advanced prostatic cancer.
Urological manifestations of HIV-related disease. A case of AIDS-associated testicular seminoma, Kaposi's sarcoma and possible intracranial lymphoma.
Sperm retrieval by electro-ejaculation. Preliminary experience in patients with secondary anejaculation.
The growing teratoma syndrome.
Experience with childhood urolithiasis. Report of 196 cases.
Paediatric urolithiasis in Greece.
Detrusor hyper-reflexia as a factor in spontaneous perforation of augmentation cystoplasty for neuropathic bladder.
DNA ploidy in the primary tumor from patients with nonseminomatous testicular germ cell tumors clinical stage I.
Extragonadal and poor risk nonseminomatous germ cell tumors. Survival and prognostic features.
Bladder cancer. Human leukocyte antigen II, interleukin-6, and interleukin-6 receptor expression determined by the polymerase chain reaction.
Prostatic duct adenocarcinoma. Findings at radical prostatectomy.
Primary adenocarcinoma of the urinary bladder. A clinicopathologic analysis of 72 cases.
Monoclonal prostate-specific antigen in untreated prostate cancer. Relationship to clinical stage and grade.
On the mechanisms for the selective action of vitamin D analogs.
Immunological identification and distribution of parathyroid hormone-like protein polypeptides in normal and malignant tissues.
Neuroleptic malignant syndrome and Escherichia coli urosepsis.
Musculoskeletal manifestations of amyloidosis. A review of 83 patients on haemodialysis for at least 10 years.
Combined technetium radioisotope penile plethysmography and xenon washout: a technique for evaluating corpora cavernosal inflow and outflow during early tumescence [published erratum appears in J Nucl Med 1991 Jul;32(7):1374]
Use of technetium-99m-MAG3 for renal scintigraphy after angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibition.
Protective effects of specific platelet-activating factor receptor antagonists in experimental glomerulonephritis.
Excess number of bladder cancers in workers exposed to ortho-toluidine and aniline.
A report on extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy results on 1,569 renal units in an outpatient clinic.
Extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy for large renal calculi: the role of ureteral stents. A randomized trial.
Comparison of endoscopic and radiological residual fragment rate following percutaneous nephrolithotripsy.
Retrograde nephrostolithotomy in management of complex renal calculi.
A comparison of anatrophic nephrolithotomy and percutaneous nephrolithotomy with and without extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy for management of patients with staghorn calculi.
The clinical implications of brushite calculi.
Comparison of symptom characteristics of indwelling ureteral catheters.
Epithelial dysfunction in nonbacterial cystitis (interstitial cystitis).
Prospective randomized comparison of intravesical with percutaneous bacillus Calmette-Guerin versus intravesical bacillus Calmette-Guerin in superficial bladder cancer.
Systemic preoperative chemotherapy with cisplatin, methotrexate and vinblastine for locally advanced bladder cancer: local tumor response and early followup results.
Repair of pelvic fracture posterior urethral defects using an elaborated perineal approach: experience with 74 cases.
Ultrastructural changes in impotent penile tissue: a comparison of 65 patients.
Cigarette smoking: an independent risk factor for atherosclerosis in the hypogastric-cavernous arterial bed of men with arteriogenic impotence.
Recurrent prolonged erections and priapism as a sequela of priapism: pathophysiology and management.
Infusion pharmacocavernosometry and nocturnal penile tumescence findings in men with erectile dysfunction.
Detailed anatomy of the internal spermatic vein and the ovarian vein. Human cadaver study and operative spermatic venography: clinical aspects.
Correlation of testicular color Doppler ultrasonography, physical examination and venography in the detection of left varicoceles in men with infertility.
Subclinical varicocele: the effectiveness of varicocelectomy.
The absorption of chlortetracycline following transscrotal instillation for the treatment of primary hydrocele testis.
Core biopsy instrument in the diagnosis of prostate cancer: superior accuracy to fine needle aspiration.
Prostate specific antigen in patients with clinical stage C prostate cancer: relation to lymph node status and grade.
Prostate specific antigen in hormonally treated stage D2 prostate cancer: is it always an accurate indicator of disease status?
Bladder outlet obstruction versus impaired detrusor contractility: the role of outflow.
Randomized, double-blind, multicenter trial on treatment of frequency, urgency and incontinence related to detrusor hyperactivity: oxybutynin versus propantheline versus placebo.
Desmopressin in nocturnal enuresis.
Appendiceal carcinoma masquerading as primary bladder carcinoma.
Elevated serum tumor markers in patients with testicular cancer after induction chemotherapy due to a reservoir of markers in cystic differentiated mature teratoma.
Spinal coning after lumbar puncture in prostate cancer with asymptomatic vertebral metastasis: a case report.
Tuberculous epididymo-orchitis: diagnosis by fine needle aspiration.
Cell proliferation of human bladder tumors determined by BrdUrd and Ki-67 immunostaining.
The guinea pig as a model of gradual urethral obstruction.
Creation of a feline model of obstructive uropathy.
The evaluation of urinary protein patterns in a stone-forming animal model using two-dimensional polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis.
Urothelial hyperplasia and neoplasia. III. Detection of nitrosamine production with different bacterial genera in chronic urinary tract infections of rats.
Remaining problems in the treatment of patients with Wilms' tumor.
Pelvic floor descent in women: dynamic evaluation with fast MR imaging and cinematic display.
Stage A adenocarcinoma of the prostate: transrectal US and sonographic-pathologic correlation.
Palpable masses in the prostate: superior accuracy of US-guided biopsy compared with accuracy of digitally guided biopsy.
Prostatic MR imaging performed with the three-point Dixon technique. Work in progress.
Scrotal inflammatory disease: color Doppler US findings.
Renal transplants: can acute rejection and acute tubular necrosis be differentiated with MR imaging?
Inflammatory pseudosarcoma (pseudotumor) of the bladder.
Obstructed uterovaginal anomalies: demonstration with sonography. Part I. Neonates and infants.
Thigh bleeding time as a valid indicator of hemostatic competency during surgical treatment of patients with advanced renal disease.
Renal function in the elderly: results from the European Working Party on High Blood Pressure in the Elderly trial.
Cancer incidence among foundry workers in Denmark.
Renal vascular effects of calcium channel blockers in hypertension.
Loss of nocturnal decline of blood pressure in hypertension due to chronic renal failure.
Tachycardia during reversal of one-kidney, one-clip hypertension in conscious rats.
The prognostic significance of urinary interleukin 6 in IgA nephropathy.
Changes in the postenteropathic form of the hemolytic uremic syndrome in children.
Pneumococcal peritonitis complicating CAPD--was the indwelling intrauterine device to blame?
Hemodialysis and heparin. Alternative methods of measuring heparin and of detecting activation of coagulation.
Echocardiographic findings in hemodialysis patients treated with recombinant human erythropoietin: proposal for a hematocrit most beneficial to hemodynamics.
Long-term minoxidil treatment in refractory hypertension and renal failure.
Resolution of cirrhotic glomerulonephritis following successful liver transplantation.
Metastatic carcinoma of the gallbladder from renal cancer presenting as intraluminal polypoid mass.
Human ehrlichiosis: a rickettsial disease associated with severe cholestasis and multisystemic disease.
Antibodies to neutrophil granulocyte myeloperoxidase and elastase: autoimmune responses in glomerulonephritis due to hydralazine treatment.
Analysis of iodine-125 interstitial therapy in the treatment of localized carcinoma of the prostate.
Tumors in undescended testis.
Primary renal lymphoma.
Surgical correction of hydrothorax from diaphragmatic eventration in children on peritoneal dialysis.
Genital human papillomavirus infection
The role of peripheral capacitance and resistance vessels in hypotension following hemodialysis.
Vitamin B-6 deficiency and renal function and structure in chronically uremic rats.
Diet and hyperoxaluria in the syndrome of idiopathic calcium oxalate urolithiasis.
Oxalate transport in renal tubular cells from normal and stone-forming animals.
Cloning and expression of the oxalyl-CoA decarboxylase gene from the bacterium, Oxalobacter formigenes: prospects for gene therapy to control Ca-oxalate kidney stone formation.
Hypercalciuria and stones.
Physical chemical studies of calcium oxalate crystallization.
Pathogenesis of oxalate urolithiasis: lessons from experimental studies with rats.
Crystal-cell interactions: crystal binding to rat renal papillary tip collecting duct cells in culture.
Inhibitors within the nephron.
Significance of glycosaminoglycans for the formation of calcium oxalate stones.
Citrate and renal calculi: new insights and future directions.
Urate and calcium stones--picking up a drop of mercury with one's fingers?
Shock wave physics.
Strong inference in mechanistic urolithiasis: a tribute to Birdwell Finlayson's biophysical contributions.
Macroscopic hematuria and proteinuria preceding renal IgA deposition in patients with IgA nephropathy.
IgA antibodies to dietary antigens and lectin-binding IgA in sera from Italian, Australian, and Japanese IgA nephropathy patients.
The fetus as a patient. Surgical considerations.
Aortic dissection with the entrance tear in the descending thoracic aorta. Analysis of 40 necropsy patients.
Captopril-stimulated renal vein renin in hypertensive patients with or without renal artery stenosis.
Microalbuminuria in essential hypertension.
Clinical evaluation of delapril in Japan. Report from the Japan Study Group on Delapril.
Nerve conduction studies and vibration perception thresholds in diabetic and uremic neuropathy.
The absence and effect of induced menopause by gonadotropin-releasing hormone analogs on lower urinary tract symptoms and urodynamic parameters.
Levels of cholesterol and phospholipids in freshly ejaculated sperm and Percoll-gradient-pelletted sperm from fertile and unexplained infertile men.
Renal angioplasty for renovascular disease: a reappraisal.
Renal dysfunction after angiography; a risk factor analysis in patients with peripheral vascular disease.
The quality of life in women with urinary incontinence as measured by the sickness impact profile.
Misdiagnosis of rheumatoid arthritis in an elderly woman with gout.
Urovirulence determinants in Escherichia coli isolates causing first-episode and recurrent cystitis in women.
The Ball-Burch procedure for stress incontinence with low urethral pressure.
Recurrent intracaval renal cell carcinoma: the role of intravascular ultrasonography.
Measurement of prostate-specific antigen in serum as a screening test for prostate cancer.
Childhood urolithiasis: experiences and advances.
Primary vesicoureteral reflux in the black child.
Positive selection of candidate tumor-suppressor genes by subtractive hybridization.
Secreted or nonsecreted forms of acidic fibroblast growth factor produced by transfected epithelial cells influence cell morphology, motility, and invasive potential.
Reversal of cardiac dysfunction secondary to type 1 primary hyperoxaluria after combined liver-kidney transplantation.
Role for specific complement phenotypes and deficiencies in the clinical expression of IgA nephropathy.
Sustained remission of membranous glomerulonephritis after cyclophosphamide and prednisone.
The influence of hemodialysis on intraocular pressure: III. Aqueous humor dynamics and tissue hydration.
Female gout. Clinical spectrum and uric acid metabolism.
Clinical evaluation of an algorithm for the interpretation of hyperamylasemia.
Electron microscopic study of an unusual posttransplant glomerular lesion.
Frozen-section analysis of allograft renal biopsy specimens. Reliable histopathologic data for rapid decision making.
Hyperkalaemia induced by carbonic anhydrase inhibitor.
Renal tubular dysfunction in rheumatic diseases.
Renal vascular disease in African-Americans and other racial minorities.
Gastroduodenal mucosa in uraemia: endoscopic and histological correlation and prevalence of helicobacter-like organisms.
Plasma beta endorphin in cirrhosis and renal failure.
Salt blocks the renal benefits of ramipril in diabetic hypertensive rats.
Immunohistological characterisation of amyloid deposits in renal biopsy specimens.
Plasma histamine in patients with chronic renal failure and nephrotic syndrome.
C-reactive protein levels during disease exacerbations and infections in systemic lupus erythematosus: a prospective longitudinal study.
Malignant potential of the cryptorchid testis.
Migratory arrest of gonadotropin-releasing hormone neurons in transgenic mice.
Renal tolerance for ioxaglate in patients with chronic renal failure [published erratum appears in Radiology 1991 Jul;180(1):291]
Acute renal failure: possible role of duplex Doppler US in distinction between acute prerenal failure and acute tubular necrosis.

