Comparison of chloroquine, pyrimethamine and sulfadoxine, and chlorproguanil and dapsone as treatment for falciparum malaria in pregnant and non-pregnant women, Kakamega District, Kenya.
Prevalence of HIV antibody and pregnancy in Tayside, 1984-9: background to screening.
Flow cytometric DNA-ploidy analysis of synchronously occurring multiple malignant tumors of the female genital tract.
Epidural analgesia for a parturient with herpes gestationis.
Epidural anaesthesia for labour and caesarean section in a parturient with a single ventricle and transposition of the great arteries.
Crohn's disease and pregnancy.
Irritable bowel syndrome in women having diagnostic laparoscopy or hysterectomy. Relation to gynecologic features and outcome.
Fertility after contraception or abortion.
Treatment of tubal pregnancy by local injection of methotrexate after adrenaline injection into the mesosalpinx: a report of 25 patients.
Serum levels of anticardiolipin antibodies are pathologically increased after active immunization of patients with recurrent spontaneous abortion.
A serial section study of visually normal pelvic peritoneum in patients with endometriosis.
Genitourinary mycobacteria in infertile Egyptian men.
Heterologous transplantation of activated murine peritoneal macrophages inhibits gamete interaction in vivo: a paradigm for endometriosis-associated subfertility.
Pregnancy after in vitro fertilization in a patient with stage I endometrial carcinoma treated with progestins.
Pancreatic secretory trypsin inhibitor stimulates the growth of rat pancreatic carcinoma cells.
Isolation of a human epidermal cDNA corresponding to the 180-kD autoantigen recognized by bullous pemphigoid and herpes gestationis sera. Immunolocalization of this protein to the hemidesmosome.
Antigen specific serum antibody response to Chlamydia trachomatis in patients with acute pelvic inflammatory disease.
Treatment of vaginal candidiasis: orally or vaginally?
Pelvic pain: lessons from anatomy and physiology.
Posttransplant anti-glomerular basement membrane nephritis in related males with Alport syndrome.
The use of risk factors in medical diagnosis: opportunities and cautions.
Intraperitoneal lymphokine-activated killer-cell and interleukin-2 therapy for malignancies limited to the peritoneal cavity.
Neonatal body proportionality and body composition after in utero exposure to cocaine and marijuana.
Genital prolapse with and without urinary incontinence.
Stripping the fetal membranes at term. Is the procedure safe and efficacious?
Computed tomographic and ultrasonographic findings in women with acute fatty liver of pregnancy.
Coexistence of an intrauterine pregnancy with both an ectopic pregnancy and salpingitis in the right fallopian tube. A case report.
Conservative therapy for adnexal torsion. A case report.
Localization of trophoblastic disease with vaginal ultrasonography. A report of two cases.
Transcervical balloon tuboplasty. A multicenter study
Transmission of HIV-1 infections from mothers to infants in Haiti. Impact on childhood mortality and malnutrition. The CDS/JHU AIDS Project Team.
Antenatal intervention for congenital cystic adenomatoid malformation.
Fetal platelet counts in thrombocytopenic pregnancy
Hypothesis: inhibition of endothelium-derived relaxing factor by haemoglobin in the pathogenesis of pre-eclampsia
Outcomes of pregnancy in a national sample of resident physicians
A preliminary report on oocyte donation extending reproductive potential to women over 40
Computed tomography-guided fine-needle aspiration of retroperitoneal lymph nodes in gynecologic oncology.
Postoperative urinary tract infection in gynecology: implications for an antibiotic prophylaxis policy.
The effects of Chlamydia trachomatis on the female reproductive tract of the Macaca nemestrina after a single tubal challenge following repeated cervical inoculations.
Topical podofilox for the treatment of condylomata acuminata in women.
Does the treatment of genital condylomata in men decrease the treatment failure rate of cervical dysplasia in the female sexual partner?
Human papillomavirus associated with poor healing of episiotomy repairs.
Premature rupture of membranes at term in nulliparous women: a hazard?
Zinc status in women with premature rupture of membranes at term.
Evaluation of the Gram stain as a screening tool for maternal carriage of group B beta-hemolytic streptococci. The Vaginal Infections and Prematurity Study Group.
Enhanced anaphylatoxin and terminal C5b-9 complement complex formation in patients with the syndrome of hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, and low platelet count.
Enumeration of clue cells in rehydrated air-dried vaginal wet smears for the diagnosis of bacterial vaginosis.
Pregnancy complicated by preeclampsia-eclampsia with the syndrome of hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, and low platelet count: how rapid is postpartum recovery?
Low-dose aspirin does not influence the clinical course of women with mild pregnancy-induced hypertension.
Real-time microcomputer-based analysis of spontaneous and augmented labor
Accuracy and safety of transvaginal sonographic placental localization.
Effect of peritoneal fluid from endometriosis patients on endometrial stromal cell proliferation in vitro.
Increased cell adherence of group B streptococci from preterm infants with neonatal sepsis.
Antepartum and intrapartum events in women exposed in utero to diethylstilbestrol.
Removal of large symptomatic intrauterine growths by the hysteroscopic resectoscope.
Experimental and clinical studies with radiofrequency-induced thermal endometrial ablation for functional menorrhagia.
A rapid method for detection of group B streptococcal colonization: testing at the bedside.
Window operation: an alternative treatment method for Bartholin gland cysts and abscesses
Prolapse of a neovagina created by self-dilatation.
Vaginal mullerian cyst presenting as an anterior enterocele: a case report.
Laparoscopic repair of bladder injury.
Ovarian suspension in massive ovarian edema.
Rectovulvar fistula in a child secondary to an unusual foreign body.
Combined vesicovaginal-ureterovaginal fistulas associated with a vaginal foreign body.
Hyperthecosis of the ovaries in a woman with a placental site trophoblastic tumor.
Giant-cell arteritis of the uterus with associated temporal arteritis: a case report.
Preoperative angiographic uterine artery embolization in the management of cervical pregnancy.
Angiographic arterial embolization and computed tomography-directed drainage for the management of hemorrhage and infection with abdominal pregnancy.
Successful treatment of cervical pregnancy with oral etoposide.
Methotrexate therapy for persistent ectopic pregnancy after conservative laparoscopic management.
Fetal posterior urethral valve syndrome: a prospective application of antenatal prognostic criteria.
Congenital chyloperitoneum as a cause of isolated fetal ascites.
Ascites not due to congestive heart failure in a fetus with lupus-induced heart block.
TRAP sequence--successful outcome with indomethacin treatment.
Contemporary management of a potentially lethal fetal anomaly: a successful perinatal approach to epignathus.
Prenatal findings in Brachmann-de Lange syndrome.
Congenital nephrosis as a cause of elevated alpha-fetoprotein.
Fetomaternal bleeding as a cause of recurrent fetal morbidity and mortality.
Pregnancy associated with Friedreich ataxia.
Use of magnetic resonance imaging in the diagnosis of cortical blindness in pregnancy.
Immune hydrops fetalis attributable to anti-HJK.
Fetal levels of tobramycin following maternal administration.
The UCLA-University of Utah epidemiologic survey of autism: prenatal, perinatal, and postnatal factors.
Chronic fetal hypoxia and sudden infant death syndrome: interaction between maternal smoking and low hematocrit during pregnancy.
Vaginitis. Systematically solving a bothersome problem.
Preventing cervical cancer by treating genital warts in men. Why male sex partners need androscopy.
Can the status of tubal pregnancy be predicted with transvaginal sonography? A prospective comparison of sonographic, surgical, and serum hCG findings
Management of the pregnant patient with carcinoma of the breast.
Staging of ureteral transitional cell carcinoma by CT and MRI.
The frequency of uterine leiomyomas.
Small cell neuroendocrine carcinoma of Bartholin's gland.
Genitourinary cancer in the elderly.
Contraception and ectopic pregnancy risk.
Calcium supplementation during pregnancy may reduce preterm delivery in high-risk populations.
Sexually transmitted diseases and human immunodeficiency virus infection among women with pelvic inflammatory disease.
The effect of large uterine fibroids on urinary bladder function and symptoms.
The natural history of thrombocytopenia associated with preeclampsia.
Continuing controversy in alloimmune thrombocytopenia: fetal hyperimmunoglobulinemia fails to prevent thrombocytopenia.
Laparoscopic ventrosuspensions. A review of 72 cases.
Pregnancy-induced hypertension and acute fatty liver of pregnancy: atypical presentations.
Successful conservative management of primary nonmetastatic cervical choriocarcinoma.
Management and outcomes of pregnancies complicated by human B19 parvovirus infection: a prospective study
Effects of hypertension on pregnancy monitoring and results.
Spontaneous infarction of placental chorioangioma and associated regression of hydrops fetalis.
Ovarian pregnancy: a report of twenty cases in one institution.
Ultrasonographic detection of the second-trimester fetus with trisomy 18 and trisomy 21.
Infertility and eating disorders.
Postpartum osteomyelitis caused by group B streptococcus.
Antenatal spontaneous perforation of the extrahepatic biliary tree.
Preoperative evaluation of serum CA 125, TAG 72, and CA 15-3 in patients with endometrial carcinoma.
High infectious morbidity in pregnant women with insulin-dependent diabetes: an understated complication.
Effects of intravascular fetal blood transfusion on fetal intracardiac Doppler velocity waveforms.
Intrapartum uterine rupture and inflammatory bowel disease.
Prenatal diagnosis of congenital cytomegalovirus infection by virus isolation from amniotic fluid.
Collagen metabolism in gynecologic patients: changes in the concentration of the aminoterminal propeptide of type III procollagen in serum.
Hypoxic acidemia, hyperviscosity, and maternal hypertension do not affect the umbilical arterial velocity waveform in fetal sheep.
A progesterone-induced blocking factor corrects high resorption rates in mice treated with antiprogesterone.
Fetal and maternal response to intravenous infusion of a thromboxane synthetase inhibitor.
Maternal genetic effects on ethanol teratogenesis and dominance of relative embryonic resistance to malformations.
Emergency department diagnosis of ectopic pregnancy.
Plasma prolactin and clinical outcome in preterm infants.
Pregnancy in women with immune thrombocytopenic purpura.
Neonatal intracranial choriocarcinoma.
Binding of anti-DNA antibodies and inhibition of glomerulonephritis in MRL-lpr/lpr mice by heparin.
The effect of maternal ethanol infusion on placental blood flow and fetal glucose metabolism in sheep.
Ectopic pregnancy: ten common pitfalls in diagnosis.
Failure to prevent preterm labour and delivery in twin pregnancy using prophylactic oral salbutamol
The relative risks of caesarean section (intrapartum and elective) and vaginal delivery: a detailed analysis to exclude the effects of medical disorders and other acute pre-existing physiological disturbances.
Idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura in pregnancy: a randomized trial on the effect of antenatal low dose corticosteroids on neonatal platelet count
Diagnosis of ectopic pregnancy by vaginal ultrasonography in combination with a discriminatory serum hCG level of 1000 IU/l (IRP)
Randomized comparison of routine vs highly selective use of Doppler ultrasound and biophysical scoring to investigate high risk pregnancies
A risk of malignancy index incorporating CA 125, ultrasound and menopausal status for the accurate preoperative diagnosis of ovarian cancer.
Serum CA 125 levels during the menstrual cycle.
Lobular pattern of choriocapillaris in pre-eclampsia with aldosteronism.
Four and a half year follow up of women with dyskaryotic cervical smears.
Wegener's granulomatosis presenting during first trimester of pregnancy.
An anonymous seroprevalence survey of HIV infection among pregnant women in British Columbia and the Yukon Territory
Erythema infectiosum and pregnancy-related complications
Primary chemotherapy with or without radiation therapy and/or surgery for children with localized sarcoma of the bladder, prostate, vagina, uterus, and cervix. A comparison of the results in Intergroup Rhabdomyosarcoma Studies I and II.
An analysis of abnormalities of the retinoblastoma gene in human ovarian and endometrial carcinoma.
Primary carcinoma of the upper urinary tract. Effect of primary and secondary therapy on survival.
Perinatal infection of human T-lymphotropic virus type I, the etiologic virus of adult T-cell leukemia/lymphoma. DNA amplification of specific human T-lymphotropic virus type I sequences.
Characterization of epidermal growth factor receptor in normal and neoplastic human endometrium.
Placenta previa.
Postpartum hemorrhage: placenta accreta, uterine inversion, and puerperal hematomas.
Eclampsia.
Amniotic and thromboembolism.
Acute respiratory failure.
Utility of angiograms in patients with catamenial hemoptysis.
Urogenital dysfunction after abdominoperineal resection for carcinoma of the rectum.
Endometrioma. An intra-abdominal troublemaker.
Alterations in phospholipase A2 activity during luteal regression in pseudopregnant and pregnant rats.
Current concepts of beta-endorphin physiology in female reproductive dysfunction.
Hormonal treatment of functional ovarian cysts: a randomized, prospective study.
Further observations on the doubling time of human chorionic gonadotropin in early asymptomatic pregnancies.
Oocyte retention after follicle luteinization.
Endocervical chlamydial deoxyribonucleic acid in infertile women.
Subzonal insemination for the alleviation of infertility.
The role of tubal pathology and other parameters in ectopic pregnancies occurring in in vitro fertilization and embryo transfer.
Effect of serum from patients with minimal to mild endometriosis on mouse embryo development in vitro.
Peritoneal fluid fractions from patients with endometriosis do not promote two-cell mouse embryo growth.
Triplet tubal pregnancy treated by outpatient laparoscopic salpingostomy.
High-output left ventricular failure after dextran use in an operative hysteroscopy.
Management of deep venous thrombosis in the pregnant female.
Clinical review 15: Management of ovulatory disorders with pulsatile gonadotropin-releasing hormone.
Serum HCG beta-core fragment is masked by associated macromolecules.
Comparative study of the changes in insulin-like growth factor-I, procollagen-III N-terminal extension peptide, bone Gla-protein, and bone mineral content in children with Turner's syndrome treated with recombinant growth hormone.
Women with preeclampsia have higher plasma endothelin levels than women with normal pregnancies.
Sensitivity of digoxigenin and biotin labelled probes for detection of human papillomavirus by in situ hybridisation.
Adenomyosis in Pakistani women: four year experience at the Aga Khan University Medical Centre, Karachi.
Sodium lauryl sulfate-induced irritant contact dermatitis in vulvar and forearm skin of premenopausal and postmenopausal women.
Multicentric cloacogenic carcinoma: report of a case with anogenital pruritus at presentation.
Vulvar melanosis.
Use of polymerase chain reaction for successful identification of asymptomatic genital infection with herpes simplex virus in pregnant women at delivery.
Partial characterization of Chlamydia trachomatis isolates resistant to multiple antibiotics.
Recurrent Bell's palsy in pregnancy.
Hyperemesis gravidarum as conversion disorder.
Herpes simplex virus type 2 meningitis without genital lesions: an immunoblot study.
Long-term sequelae of conservative treatment by surgery, brachytherapy, and chemotherapy for vulval and vaginal rhabdomyosarcoma in children.
Effects of energy restriction on mouse mammary tumor virus mRNA levels in mammary glands and uterus and on uterine endometrial hyperplasia and pituitary histology in C3H/SHN F1 mice.
Ectopic pregnancy in adolescents: a clinical review for pediatricians.
Effect of interleukin-1 on gamete interaction and mouse embryo development.
Two urogenital sinus syndromes. Interstitial cystitis and focal vulvitis.
Perinatal outcomes of twin pregnancies at term.
Midtrimester tubal pregnancy with markedly elevated maternal serum alpha-fetoprotein. A case report.
Intrapartum, intranasal cocaine use and acute fetal distress. A case report.
Randomized phase II evaluation of carboplatin and CHIP in advanced transitional cell carcinoma of the urothelium. The Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group.
Nuclear morphometry as a prognostic indicator for genitourinary rhabdomyosarcoma: a preliminary investigation.
De novo carcinoma of the lower urinary tract in renal allograft recipients.
A giant renal artery aneurysm diagnosed post partum.
HIV infection, pregnant women, and newborns. A policy proposal for information and testing. Working Group on HIV Testing of Pregnant Women and Newborns
Recall of alcohol consumption during pregnancy.
Buruli ulcer in Benin
Hypersecretion of luteinising hormone, infertility, and miscarriage
Frequency and costs of diagnostic imaging in office practice--a comparison of self-referring and radiologist-referring physicians
Cavernous hemangioma of the spinal cord: report of 2 unusual cases.
Classification of endometrial cells on cervical cytology.
A randomized trial comparing two methods of cold knife conization with laser conization.
Maternal mortality in the United States, 1979-1986.
Maternal hemodynamics in normal and preeclamptic pregnancies: a longitudinal study
Aggressive or expectant management for patients with severe preeclampsia between 28-34 weeks' gestation: a randomized controlled trial.
Pregnancy and liver transplantation.
Objective tocodynamometry identifies labor onset earlier than subjective maternal perception.
Effect of angiotensin II infusion during normal pregnancy on flow velocity waveforms in the uteroplacental and umbilical circulations
The association between oligohydramnios and intrauterine growth retardation.
Persistent ectopic pregnancy following laparoscopic linear salpingostomy.
Serum estradiol as an aid in the diagnosis of ectopic pregnancy.
Whither electronic fetal monitoring?
The significance of moderate and severe inflammation on class I Papanicolaou smear
Menorrhagia.
Vaginal bleeding in childhood and adolescence.
Abnormal bleeding in the climacteric.
The older adult. A comparative assessment.
Early treatment with acyclovir for varicella pneumonia in otherwise healthy adults: retrospective controlled study and review.
Pneumococcal endometritis and neonatal sepsis.
Congenital and perinatal cytomegalovirus infections.
Arteriovenous malformation of the tongue.
Comparison of Southern transfer hybridization and dot filter hybridization for detection of cervical human papillomavirus infection with types 6, 11, 16, 18, 31, 33, and 35.
Survey of histologic specimens of human cancer for human papillomavirus types 6/11/16/18 by filter in situ hybridization.
Disproportionate septal hypertrophy associated with erythroblastosis fetalis.
Human oocyte and preembryo donation: an evolving method for the treatment of infertility.
The effect of physical activity during pregnancy on preterm delivery and birth weight.
Antenatal microbiologic and maternal risk factors associated with prematurity.
Continuous or interrupted fascial closure: a prospective evaluation of No. 1 Maxon suture in 402 gynecologic procedures.
Endometrioma of the liver.
Antinuclear antibodies in sera of patients with recurrent pregnancy wastage.
Corpus luteum function in early pregnancies is primarily determined by the rate of change of human chorionic gonadotropin levels.
Detection of congenital toxoplasmosis by chorionic villus sampling and early amniocentesis.
The "stuck twin" phenomenon: ultrasonographic findings, pregnancy outcome, and management with serial amniocenteses.
Twin-twin transfusion syndrome.
Pregnancy in a patient with treated Wilson's disease: a case report.
The perinatal impact of cocaine, amphetamine, and opiate use detected by universal intrapartum screening.
Prenatal diagnosis of fetal intracranial calcifications.
A reappraisal of the need for autologous blood donation in the obstetric patient.
The Maylard incision in gynecologic surgery
Ultrasonographic diagnosis of a large placental intervillous thrombosis associated with elevated maternal serum alpha-fetoprotein level.
Direct ultrasonographic measurement of fetal lung length in normal pregnancies and pregnancies complicated by prolonged rupture of membranes.
Management of selected cystic adnexal masses in postmenopausal women by operative laparoscopy: a pilot study.
Hyperadrenergic orthostatic intolerance as a result of postpartum blood loss.
Cervicovaginal microflora and pregnancy outcome: results of a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of erythromycin treatment.
Pregnancy outcomes among mothers infected with human immunodeficiency virus and uninfected control subjects.
Screening for trisomy 21 with ultrasonographic determination of biparietal diameter/femur length ratio.
Direct analysis of uncultured cytotrophoblastic cells from second- and third-trimester placentas: an accurate and rapid method for detection of fetal chromosome abnormalities.
Perinatal mortality in Victoria, Australia: role of group B Streptococcus.
A comparison of sperm antibody assays.
Extensive vulvar and vaginal varicella necessitating abdominal delivery.
The associated anomalies that determine prognosis in congenital omphaloceles.
Ultrasonographic assessment of placental abnormalities.
Preferential mitogenic activity for myoblast-like cells can be extracted from uterine leiomyoma tissues.
Adhesion formation after ovarian wound repair in New Zealand white rabbits: a comparison of ovarian microsurgical closure with ovarian nonclosure.
Prior cesarean delivery in women with secondary tubal infertility.
Spinal catheter anaesthesia for caesarean section in a patient with spina bifida.
Severe hypotension due to intramyometrial injection of prostaglandin E2
Laryngeal oedema from a neck haematoma. A complication of internal jugular vein cannulation.
Clinical evaluation of clonidine added to lidocaine solution for epidural anesthesia.
Nonsurgical management of breast infections in nonlactating women. A word of caution.
Ischaemic brain lesions diagnosed at birth in preterm infants: clinical events and developmental outcome.
Diagnostic testing and return visits for acute problems in prepaid, case-managed Medicaid plans compared with fee-for-service.
Genetic and familial predisposition to eclampsia and pre-eclampsia in a defined population.
Epidemiology of pelvic inflammatory disease in parous women with special reference to intrauterine device use.
Middle cerebral artery flow velocity waveforms in fetal hypoxaemia.
Experience with a 'physiological' steroid replacement regimen for the establishment of a receptive endometrium in women with premature ovarian failure.
Prediction of pregnancy-induced hypertensive disorders by angiotensin II sensitivity and supine pressor test.
The rate of rise of corticotrophin releasing factor and endogenous digoxin-like immunoreactivity in normal and abnormal pregnancy.
Atenolol in essential hypertension during pregnancy
Choroid plexus cysts and chromosomal defects
Folate status assessment.
A new method for the dressing of free skin grafts.
Hepatic infarction in preeclampsia.
Genital and anal conditions confused with child sexual abuse trauma.
Restoration of sinus rhythm during two consecutive pregnancies in a woman with congenital complete heart block.
Serum concentrations of CA 125 and aminoterminal propeptide of type III procollagen (PIIINP) in patients with endometrial carcinoma.
Osler-Weber-Rendu disease and pulmonary arteriovenous fistulas. Deterioration and embolotherapy during pregnancy.
Adult respiratory distress syndrome due to blastomycosis during pregnancy.
Comparison of endometrial biopsy and urinary pregnanediol glucuronide concentration in the diagnosis of luteal phase defect.
Evaluation of the stimulated menstrual cycle by magnetic resonance imaging.
Basal body temperature and endometriosis.
Home monitoring of gonadotropin ovulation induction using the Ovarian Monitor.
A randomized, controlled trial of clomiphene citrate and intrauterine insemination in couples with unexplained infertility or surgically corrected endometriosis.
Cryopreserved/thawed semen for in vitro fertilization: results from fertile donors and infertile patients.
Correlation between quantitative antibody titers of sperm immobilizing antibodies and pregnancy rates by treatments.
Changes in sperm antibody test results when spermatozoa are subjected to capacitating conditions.
Twin pregnancy after diagnosis and treatment of ectopic implantation by retrograde selective salpingography and intraluminal methotrexate injection.
Establishment of pregnancies in humans after transcervical transfer of gametes immediately after oocyte retrieval.
Neosalpingostomy for distal tubal obstruction: prognostic factors and impact of surgical technique.
Repair of the uterine cavity after hysteroscopic septal incision.
Ultrasound-guided transcervical metroplasty.
Neodymium: YAG laser hysteroscopy in large submucous fibroids.
Herpes simplex virus hepatitis in pregnancy. Two patients successfully treated with acyclovir.
A comparison of rapid enzyme immunoassay tests for the detection of Chlamydia trachomatis cervical infections.
Outcome of pregnancies experienced during residency.
Sudden infant death syndrome in infants of substance-abusing mothers.
Antenatal phenobarbital for the prevention of periventricular and intraventricular hemorrhage: a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, multihospital trial.
Neonatal interleukin-1 beta, interleukin-6, and tumor necrosis factor: cord blood levels and cellular production.
Vaginal removal of the pedunculated submucous myoma. Historical observations and development of a new procedure.
Prochlorperazine and transdermal scopolamine added to a metoclopramide antiemetic regimen. A controlled comparison.
Obesity and vaginal hysterectomy.
C-reactive protein in assessing antimicrobial treatment of acute pelvic inflammatory disease.
Initiating a chorionic villus sampling program. Relying on placental location as the primary determinant of the sampling route.
Hip pain in late pregnancy.
Aggressive evaluation for atypical squamous cells in Papanicolaou smears.
Vaginitis emphysematosa. A report of four cases.
Intrapartum cocaine use. A case report.
Chlamydial infections.
Chancroid and the role of genital ulcer disease in the spread of human retroviruses.
Genital herpes simplex virus infections.
Human papillomavirus infections of the genital tract.
Common nonvenereal genital lesions.
Approach to the patient with genital ulcer disease.
Vaginal infections in adult women.
Pelvic inflammatory disease.
AIDS. Natural history and prognosis.
Human immunodeficiency virus education and screening of prenatal patients.
The immunology of HIV disease and pregnancy and possible interactions.
Role of the placenta in perinatal transmission of HIV.
Human immunodeficiency virus infection in pregnancy.
HIV infection. Managing exposure risks for the obstetrician/gynecologist.
Human immunodeficiency virus infection, women, and pregnancy. Ethical issues.
Papanicolaou smear cell recovery techniques used by primary care physicians.
Measurement of activity of urea resistant neutrophil alkaline phosphatase as an antenatal screening test for Down's syndrome.
Ultrasonography compared with intravenous urography in the investigation of adults with haematuria
Dilatation in the duplex kidney: 3 unusual cases.
The encased ureter: bullet and bodkin pattern, a reliable radiographic sign.
Stimulation of active renin release in normal and hypertensive pregnancy.
Pulmonary problems in pregnancy.
Expression of rat prolactin-like protein B in deciduoma of pseudopregnant rat and in decidua during early pregnancy.
A simple and sensitive microtiter plate estrogen bioassay based on stimulation of alkaline phosphatase in Ishikawa cells: estrogenic action of delta 5 adrenal steroids.
Preliminary characterization of angiogenic activity in media conditioned by cells from luteinized rat ovaries.
Transplantable rat choriocarcinoma cells express placental lactogen: identification of placental lactogen-I immunoreactive protein and messenger ribonucleic acid.
Pregnancy outcome after inadvertent ivermectin treatment during community-based distribution.
Ulcerative lesions and herpes simplex virus type 2 in a patient with Evan's syndrome.
Cardiovascular anomalies associated with prenatal exposure to theophylline.
Endometriosis of the abdominal wall.
Acute appendicitis in the pregnant patient.
Caesarean section in a patient with haemoglobin SC disease and a phaeochromocytoma.
AIDS following mother-to-child transmission of HIV-2.
Prevention of perinatal HIV transmission: are there alternatives to pre-pregnancy serological screening in Kinshasa, Zaire?
Detection of HIV in fetal central nervous system tissue.
Anti TSH-receptor antibodies in pregnant patients with autoimmune thyroid disorder.
The use of rectus abdominis myocutaneous flaps following excision of vulvar cancer.
A morphological and immunological study of human placental bed biopsies in miscarriage.
Success of a program of routine prenatal screening for hepatitis B surface antigen: the first 2 years.
Occurrence of human papillomavirus type 16 DNA in cutaneous squamous and basal cell neoplasms.
Changes affecting the initial evaluation and care of the pregnant trauma victim.
Ovarian response to exogenous gonadotropins during pregnancy.
The establishment of an ovum donation program using a simple fixed-dose estrogen-progesterone replacement regimen.
The value of hysteroscopy in elderly women prior to in vitro fertilization-embryo transfer (IVF-ET): a comparative study.
Gamete intrafallopian transfer (GIFT) in women with bicornuate uteri.
Interobserver variation in histopathological grading of cervical dysplasia.
Severe cerebral and systemic necrotizing vasculitis developing during pregnancy in a case of systemic lupus erythematosus.
Derivation and validation of a clinical diagnostic model for chlamydial cervical infection in university women
Barrier contraceptive methods and preeclampsia.
Gynecologic cancer in patients with subacute cerebellar degeneration predicted by anti-Purkinje cell antibodies and limited in metastatic volume.
Selected neurologic complications of pregnancy.
Umbilical artery Doppler velocimetry as a labor admission test.
Flow cytometric analysis of DNA content in partial hydatidiform moles with persistent gestational trophoblastic tumor.
Clinical and pathologic correlation of endometrial cavity fluid detected by ultrasound in the postmenopausal patient.
Infertility-associated endometrial cancer risk may be limited to specific subgroups of infertile women.
Persistent trophoblast after conservative treatment of tubal pregnancy: prediction and detection.
Cocaine abuse is associated with abruptio placentae and decreased birth weight, but not shorter labor
Vulvar Paget disease: fluorescein-aided visualization of margins.
Transcatheter arterial embolization in the management of postpartum hemorrhage due to genital tract injury.
The effects of epidural anesthesia on the Doppler velocimetry of umbilical and uterine arteries in normal and hypertensive patients during active term labor.
Imaging the fetal brain in the second and third trimesters using transvaginal sonography.
Successful use of gamete intrafallopian transfer does not reverse the decline in fertility in women over 40 years of age.
Third-trimester fetal death in triplet pregnancies.
A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of oral antibiotic therapy following intravenous antibiotic therapy for postpartum endometritis.
Sensitivity and specificity of screening for Down syndrome with alpha-fetoprotein, hCG, unconjugated estriol, and maternal age [published erratum appears in Obstet Gynecol 1991 May;77(3):462]
Factors associated with postpartum hemorrhage with vaginal birth.
Factors associated with hemorrhage in cesarean deliveries.
Reduced frequency of hypertensive disorders in placenta previa
Haemophilus influenzae: an important cause of maternal and neonatal infections.
Craniofacial anomalies in twins.
Structural genitourinary defects detected in utero.
Hysterosalpingo-contrast sonography of the uterus and fallopian tubes: results of a clinical trial of a new contrast medium in 120 patients.
Potential prenatal predictions of Down syndrome: a statistical analysis.
The course of labor after endurance exercise during pregnancy.
Does fasting interval affect the glucose challenge tests
Relationships between glucose levels and insulin secretion during a glucose challenge test.
Growth factor activity in the blood of women in whom preeclampsia develops is elevated from early pregnancy.
The effect of nifedipine therapy on fetal and placental Doppler waveforms in preeclampsia remote from term.
Low-dose aspirin. II. Relationship of angiotensin II pressor responses, circulating eicosanoids, and pregnancy outcome.
Maternal and uteroplacental hemodynamic effects of chronic captopril in the hypertensive, term-pregnant rat.
Inhibition of spontaneous uterine contractions during the last trimester in pregnant baboons by an oxytocin antagonist.
Observations on the cause of oligohydramnios in prolonged pregnancy.
A mechanism leading to reduced lung expansion and lung hypoplasia in fetal sheep during oligohydramnios.
In vitro inhibition of esterase activity in amniotic fluid: comparison with bacterial cultures.
Correlation of the testicular determinant factor sequence zinc finger Y with varying gonadal phenotypes in a series of 13 subjects with gonadal dysgenesis due to Y aneuploidy.
Isolation and characterization of the gene from a human genome encoding 17 beta-estradiol dehydrogenase: a comparison of Jar and BeWo choriocarcinoma cell lines.
Asthma and pregnancy: responsibility of physicians and patients
Vestibular papillae of the vulva. Lack of evidence for human papillomavirus etiology.
Postpartum renal failure in systemic lupus erythematosus.
Interferon as an agent against herpes simplex virus.
Growth hormone for short stature not due to classic growth hormone deficiency.
Hyperandrogenism in peripubertal girls.
Turner syndrome and its variants.
Adenomyomatosis of the gallbladder. A premalignant lesion?
Adult respiratory distress syndrome during pregnancy and immediately postpartum.
Recent trends in cesarean section use in California.
Emergency department approach to managing seizures in pregnancy.
Isolation of a complementary DNA clone encoding an autoantigen recognized by an anti-neuronal cell antibody from a patient with paraneoplastic cerebellar degeneration.
Pregnancy and the risk of developing rheumatoid arthritis.
Impact of maternal HIV infection on obstetrical and early neonatal outcome.
HIV-1 and pregnant women: associated factors, prevalence, estimate of incidence and role in fetal wastage in central Africa.
A pilot study of the prevalence of herpes genitalis among selected groups of patients seeking care in a family practice center.
Recurrent acute fatty liver of pregnancy associated with a fatty-acid oxidation defect in the offspring.
Almitrine mimics hypoxia in fetal sheep with lateral pontine lesions.
Venous dysfunction of late pregnancy persists after delivery.
Detection and typing of human papillomavirus using the Vira Type "in situ" kit: comparison with a conventional dot blot technique.
Fetal death due to nonlethal maternal carbon monoxide poisoning.
Swine influenza virus infections. Transmission from ill pigs to humans at a Wisconsin agricultural fair and subsequent probable person-to-person transmission.
Management of asymptomatic, term gestation neonates born to mothers treated with intrapartum antibiotics.
Human papillomaviruses: pediatric perspectives on a family of multifaceted tumorigenic pathogens
Asthma and pregnancy. A challenge for everyone concerned.
An algorithm for diagnosis and therapy of management and complications of urolithiasis during pregnancy.
High output failure in patients with peripartum cardiomyopathy: a comparative study with dilated cardiomyopathy.
Elevated plasma norepinephrine levels in infants of substance-abusing mothers.
Neuropsychological deficits in fetal alcohol syndrome and fetal alcohol effects.
Attention deficits in children exposed to alcohol prenatally.
Moderate prenatal alcohol exposure: effects on child IQ and learning problems at age 7 1/2 years.
The long-term behavioral effects of prenatal alcohol exposure in rats.
Neuroanatomic and neurochemical abnormalities in nonhuman primate infants exposed to weekly doses of ethanol during gestation.
New approaches to research on the long-term consequences of prenatal exposure to alcohol.
Effects of ethanol on hexose uptake by cultured rat brain cells.
Factor analysis in patients with a history of failed tracheal intubation during pregnancy.
Clear cell carcinoma of the inguinal region arising from endometriosis.
Pregnancy outcome in hematologic malignancies.
Comparative epidemiology of cancer between the United States and Japan. A second look.
Comparison of two preparatory techniques for urine cytology.
Small bowel obstruction associated with a leiomyomatous uterus. A case report and review of the literature.
Gene mapping in Alport families with different basement membrane antigenic phenotypes.
Cuban programme for prevention of sickle cell disease.
Obstetric complications in young teenagers.
Physiologic observations of pregnant women undergoing prophylactic erythrocytapheresis for sickle cell disease.
Perinatal transmission of human papillomavirus.
Spontaneous abortion.
The accuracy of clinical findings and laparoscopy in pelvic inflammatory disease.
Antiepileptic medication in pregnancy: late effects on the children's central nervous system development.
The effects of indomethacin and a beta-sympathomimetic agent on the fetal ductus arteriosus during treatment of premature labor: a randomized double-blind study.
Overexpression of HER-2/neu in endometrial cancer is associated with advanced stage disease.
Endoscopic sclerotherapy in extrahepatic portal hypertension in pregnancy.
Heterotopic pregnancies after in vitro fertilization and embryo transfer.
Spontaneous and steroid-induced recurrence of endometriosis after suppression by a gonadotropin-releasing hormone antagonist in the rat.
Forskolin and methotrexate induce an intermediate trophoblast phenotype in cultured human choriocarcinoma cells.
The relationships among umbilical artery velocimetry, fetal biophysical profile, and placental inflammation in preterm premature rupture of the membranes.
Endometriosis associated with massive ascites and absence of pelvic peritoneum.
Endometrial thickness as measured by endovaginal ultrasonography for identifying endometrial abnormality.
The use of the Cytobrush cervical sampler in patients with cervical stenosis.
Successful antepartum treatment of listeriosis.
Anemia and spontaneous preterm birth.
Fetal urine output does not influence residual amniotic fluid volume after premature rupture of membranes.
Angiosarcoma of the uterus: a case report.
Quantitative and qualitative platelet abnormalities during pregnancy.
The clinical implications of subchorionic placental lucencies.
Ultrasonic morphology of the uterus and ovaries after treatment of invasive mole and gestational choriocarcinoma.
Evidence that human chorionic gonadotropin/luteinizing hormone receptor down-regulation involves decreased levels of receptor messenger ribonucleic acid.
Retinoic acid stimulates placental hormone secretion by choriocarcinoma cell lines in vitro.
Psychosocial distress and infertility: men and women respond differently.
In vitro fertilization-embryo transfer (IVF-ET) in the United States: 1989 results from the IVF-ET Registry. Medical Research International, Society for Assisted Reproductive Technology, The American Fertility Society.
Handling of tubal infertility after introduction of in vitro fertilization: changes and consequences.
Fertility before and after surgery for primary ovarian pregnancy.
Immunomodulation with pentoxifylline abrogates macrophage-mediated infertility in an in vivo model: a paradigm for a novel approach to the treatment of endometriosis-associated subfertility.
Oocyte and pre-embryo donation to women with ovarian failure: an extended clinical trial.
Treatment of tubal ectopic pregnancy by salpingotomy with or without tubal suturing and salpingectomy [published erratum appears in Fertil Steril 1991 Jun;55(6):1213-4]
Ovarian hyperandrogenism: the role of and sensitivity to gonadotropins.
Endometrial antibodies versus CA-125 for the detection of endometriosis.
Maturation of immature oocytes by coculture with granulosa cells.
Tricuspid valve disease with significant tricuspid insufficiency in the fetus: diagnosis and outcome.
Limitations in the laboratory diagnosis of vertically acquired HIV infection.
Thyroid disease and pregnancy.
Premature rupture of the membranes and sepsis in preterm neonates.
Infection in utero: US findings in 19 cases.
Occurrence of multiple types of human papillomavirus in genital tract lesions. Analysis by in situ hybridization and the polymerase chain reaction.
Low-level lead exposure in the prenatal and early preschool periods: language development.
Prenatal exposure to methyl mercury among Greenlandic polar Inuits.
Increased epidermal growth factor receptors in seborrheic keratoses and acrochordons of patients with the dysplastic nevus syndrome.
GB3 monoclonal antibody for the diagnosis of junctional epidermolysis bullosa: results of a multicenter study.
Pharmacokinetic disposition of zidovudine during pregnancy.
Cofactors in male-female sexual transmission of human immunodeficiency virus type 1.
Host genetic influences on fetal susceptibility to murine cytomegalovirus after maternal or fetal infection.
Occupational risk factors for infection with parvovirus B19 among pregnant women.
Relapsing polychondritis in pregnancy.
Long-term followup of asymptomatic microhematuria.
Continence in bladder exstrophy: determinants of success.
Multifocal, synchronous inverted papillomas involving the ureter.
Acute urinary retention secondary to Herpes simplex meningitis.
Endometriosis of bladder after menopause.
Locally recurrent endometrioid adenocarcinoma of the prostate after radical prostatectomy.
Intracranial hemorrhage from aneurysms and arteriovenous malformations during pregnancy and the puerperium.
Pregnancy and the risk of hemorrhage from cerebral arteriovenous malformations.
Ventriculoperitoneal shunt malfunction during pregnancy.
Spontaneous rupture of liver during pregnancy: current therapy.
Urinary sediment changes in severe preeclampsia.
The relationship between maternal hematocrit and pregnancy outcome
A comparison of Doppler flow velocity waveforms, amniotic fluid columns, and the nonstress test as a means of monitoring post-dates pregnancies.
Doppler systolic-diastolic ratios in pregnancies complicated by syphilis.
Low incidence of positive amnionic fluid cultures in preterm labor at 27-32 weeks in the absence of clinical evidence of chorioamnionitis.
Comparison of continuous versus sequential estrogen and progestin therapy in postmenopausal women.
Endotoxin in vaginal fluid of women with bacterial vaginosis.
Persistent tubal pregnancy.
Serial CA 125 levels during chemotherapy for metastatic or recurrent endometrial cancer.
Upper genital tract isolates at delivery as predictors of post-cesarean infections among women receiving antibiotic prophylaxis.
Estrogen replacement therapy: is previously treated cancer a contraindication?
Aerobic and anaerobic microbiologic factors and recovery of beta-lactamase producing bacteria from obstetric and gynecologic infection.
Drugs for treatment of vulvovaginal candidiasis: comparative efficacy of agents and regimens.
Effect of vaginal delivery on the pelvic floor: a 5-year follow-up.
Regulation of gene expression in choriocarcinoma by methotrexate and hydroxyurea.
Changes in women's mental and physical health from pregnancy through six months postpartum.
Vulvar Paget's disease. Is immunocytochemistry helpful in assessing the surgical margins?
Immunohistochemical investigations of estrogen receptors in normal and neoplastic squamous epithelium of the vulva.
Granular cell tumors of the vulva.
Periurethral colonic-type polyp simulating urethral caruncle. A case report.
Vulvar condylomas and squamous vestibular micropapilloma. Differences in appearance and response to treatment.
Vulvar intraepithelial neoplasia. A clinicopathologic study of 60 cases.
Multimodality therapy for advanced and recurrent vulvar squamous cell carcinoma. A pilot project.
Irritant effect of a model surfactant on the human vulva and forearm. Age-related differences.
Value of four models for selecting patients for local excision of invasive squamous cell carcinoma of the vulva.
Endometrial ablation with the roller ball electrode.
Severe preeclampsia presenting as dysphonia secondary to uvular edema. A case report.
The 1989 presidential address. International Society for the Study of Vulvar Disease.
Role of cephamycins in obstetrics and gynecology.
Role of new cephamycins in the management of obstetric and gynecologic infections.
Therapeutic dilemmas in the treatment of pelvic infections.
Maternal outcome after open fetal surgery. A review of the first 17 human cases.
Prolonged continuous acyclovir treatment of normal adults with frequently recurring genital herpes simplex virus infection. The Acyclovir Study Group.
Toxoplasma gondii infection during pregnancy: T lymphocyte subpopulations in mothers and fetuses.
Successful pregnancy in a patient receiving hemodialysis.
Preventing group B streptococcal infection in newborns.
Increased risk of ectopic pregnancy with maternal cigarette smoking.
Maternal and fetal effects of labetalol in pregnant ewes.
Dilated and contracted forms of primary endocardial fibroelastosis: a single fetal disease with two stages of development.
Polyhydramnios and associated maternal and fetal complications in singleton pregnancies.
The epithelial changes associated with squamous cell carcinoma of the vulva: a review of the clinical, histological and viral findings in 78 women.
The long-term effects of radiation therapy on patients with ovarian dysgerminoma.
Surgical treatment of extramammary Paget's disease. A report of six cases and a reexamination of Mohs micrographic surgery compared with conventional surgical excision.
Expression of the macrophage colony-stimulating factor and its receptor in gynecologic malignancies.
Carcinoma of the female reproductive organs. Value of cross-sectional imaging.
Laparoscopic cautery in the treatment of endometriosis-related infertility.
Endometrial epithelial cells in peritoneal fluid during the early follicular phase.
Diagnosis and prevalence of persistent chlamydia infection in infertile women: tissue culture, direct antigen detection, and serology.
Effect of baseline ovarian cysts on in vitro fertilization and gamete intrafallopian transfer cycles.
Intraperitoneal insemination in the treatment of male and unexplained infertility.
Synergistic effects of INTERCEED(TC7) and heparin in reducing adhesion formation in the rabbit uterine horn model.
The effect of estradiol on the production and secretion of complement component 3 by the rat uterus and surgically induced endometriotic tissue.
Detection of a progesterone-induced secretory protein synthesized by the uteri but not the endometriotic implants of rats with induced endometriosis.
Time-related effects of gonadotropin-releasing hormone analog treatment in experimentally induced endometriosis in the rat.
Intraoperative management of ureteral injury during operative laparoscopy.
Predictive value of the active renin assay for the diagnosis of ectopic pregnancy.
Bone mineral density of the lumbar spine in endometriosis subjects compared to an age-similar control population.
Biotin deficiency per se is teratogenic in mice.
Aggravation of subclinical diabetes insipidus during pregnancy
Nifedipine in the treatment of severe preeclampsia.
Etiologies of preterm birth in an indigent population: is prevention a logical expectation?
Risk factors for shoulder dystocia: an engineering study of clinician-applied forces.
Fetal renal artery velocity waveforms and amniotic fluid volume in growth-retarded and post-term fetuses.
Diverse maternal and fetal pathology associated with absent diastolic flow in the umbilical artery of high-risk fetuses.
Salpingoscopy: light microscopic and electron microscopic correlations [published erratum appears in Obstet Gynecol 1991 May;77(5):809-10]
Serial endovaginal sonography of ectopic pregnancies treated with methotrexate.
Repetitive conservative surgery for recurrence of endometriosis.
Measures of sexual behavior and the risk of pelvic inflammatory disease.
Amoxicillin treatment of bacterial vaginosis during pregnancy.
Enlarged cisterna magna and the Dandy-Walker malformation: factors associated with chromosome abnormalities.
Endometrial carcinoma: the relevance of cervical cytology.
Imaging of patients with stage D prostatic carcinoma.
Initial results with slightly modified Kock pouch.
Carcinoma of female urethra. Manitoba experience: 1958-1987.
A "Pap" test for men? Male urethral smears as screening tool for detecting subclinical human papillomavirus infection.
Flow cytometric detection of tumor metastases during urologic surgery.
An overview of pregnancy in women with underlying renal disease.
Specific controversies concerning the natural history of renal disease in pregnancy.
Maternal and fetal complications in pregnant women with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Dialysis, transplantation, and pregnancy.
The renal lesion of preeclampsia revisited.
Controlled trials of antihypertensive drugs in pregnancy.
Renal hemodynamics in normal and hypertensive pregnancy: lessons from micropuncture.
Epidemiologic characteristics of preterm delivery: etiologic heterogeneity.
The effects of iodoprophylaxis on thyroid size during pregnancy.
Investigation of placental circulations by color Doppler ultrasonography.
Endosalpingosis as a cause of chronic pelvic pain.
Endothelial-derived relaxing factor released by endothelial cells of human umbilical vessels and its impairment in pregnancy-induced hypertension.
Reproductive factors and risk of endometrial cancer.
Continuous electrocardiographic monitoring in hypertensive crises in pregnancy.
A case report of giant cell arteritis of the uterus and adnexa.
Pharmacokinetics of acyclovir in the term human pregnancy and neonate.
Ovarian neoplasms and the risk of adnexal torsion.
Umbilical cord ulceration and intestinal atresia: a new association?
Mechanisms of hemolysis and anemia associated with acute antepartum pyelonephritis.
The increased frequency of cervical dysplasia-neoplasia in women infected with the human immunodeficiency virus is related to the degree of immunosuppression.
Pregnancy-related mortality in New York City, 1980 to 1984: causes of death and associated risk factors.
Prognostic factors in gestational trophoblastic tumors: a proposed new scoring system based on multivariate analysis.
Transient postpartum diabetes insipidus.
Urinary tract dilatation in pregnancy.
Clinical implications of screening for cervical cancer under Medicare. The natural history of cervical cancer in the elderly: what do we know? What do we need to know?
Human amniotic fluid modulation of collagenase production in cultured fibroblasts. A model of fetal membrane rupture.
Phospholipase C activity in microorganisms associated with reproductive tract infection.
Outcome of pregnancy in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus. A prospective study.
Infection with HIV as a risk factor for adverse obstetrical outcome.
Prediction of outcome by prenatal Doppler analysis in a patient with aortic stenosis.
Benign persistent papular acantholytic and dyskeratotic eruption: a case report and review of the literature.
Upper tract tumours following cystectomy for bladder cancer. Is routine intravenous urography worthwhile?
Transitional cell carcinoma of the upper urinary tract: prognostic variables and post-operative recurrences.
Pattern of urological malignancy in Zambia. A hospital-based histopathological study.
Outcome of antenatally diagnosed pelviureteric junction hydronephrosis.
Search for herpes simplex virus 2 and human papillomavirus genetic expression in vulvar neoplasia.
Carcinoma of the vulva. Clinicopathologic factors involved in inguinal and pelvic lymph node metastasis.
Studies on the transmission of viral disease via the CO2 laser plume and ejecta.
Human papillomavirus in women with vulvar intraepithelial neoplasia III.
Early diagnosis of vulvar neoplasia as a result of vulvar self-examination.
TestPack Chlamydia for chlamydial detection in physicians' offices.
Performing cytogenetic studies on ascitic, amniotic and hygroma fluid.
Prevalence of marijuana use during pregnancy. A pilot study.
Early recourse to laparoscopy in the management of suspected ectopic pregnancy. Accuracy and morbidity.
Spontaneous renal rupture during pregnancy.
Cesarean section before the onset of labor and subsequent motor function in infants with meningomyelocele diagnosed antenatally
Nipple discharge in women. Is it cause for concern?
Extrauterine findings of ectopic pregnancy of transvaginal US: importance of echogenic fluid.
Maternal predictors of fetal demise in trauma during pregnancy.
Trends in thirty years of vaginal hysterectomy.
Ascertainment of maternal deaths in New York City.
Effects of maternal iodine supplementation during pregnancy.
Suicide during pregnancy and in the first postnatal year
Prenatal genetic counseling.
Prenatal diagnosis of metabolic disease.
Prenatal diagnosis of cystic fibrosis.
Clinical screening for collagen defects in connective tissue diseases.
Prenatal diagnosis of hemoglobinopathies.
Duchenne and Becker muscular dystrophies: genetics, prenatal diagnosis, and future prospects.
Chromosomal mosaicism in chorionic villus sampling.
Fetal echocardiography: assessment of cardiovascular anatomy and function.
Endometriosis. An important condition in clinical gastroenterology.
The intrauterine device and pelvic inflammatory disease: the Women's Health Study reanalyzed
Epidemiology, natural history, and management of urinary tract infections in pregnancy.
Coagulation screening before epidural analgesia in pre-eclampsia.
Tightening the screw: statutory and legal supervision of interhospital patient transfers.
Postpartum amaurosis.
Increased incidence of respiratory distress syndrome in babies of hypertensive mothers.
Pruritus in pregnancy.
Melanoma in pregnancy.
Herpes simplex and human papillomavirus genital infections: controversy over obstetric management.
A comparison of the efficacy and safety of pergolide and bromocriptine in the treatment of hyperprolactinemia.
Comparison of a food frequency questionnaire using reported vs standard portion sizes for classifying individuals according to nutrient intake.
Gender roles, social support, and postpartum depressive symptomatology. The benefits of caring.
Endometrial ablation for the treatment of menorrhagia: a comparison of patients with normal, enlarged, and fibroid uteri.
Sexually transmitted diseases.
Reflux nephropathy and primary vesicoureteric reflux in adults
Cerebral venous thrombosis: new causes for an old syndrome?
Outcomes of pregnancies among women and partners of men with a history of exposure to methoxsalen photochemotherapy (PUVA) for the treatment of psoriasis.
Treatment of anovulation due to polycystic ovarian syndrome by laparoscopic ovarian electrocautery.
Coagulation studies in the syndrome of haemolysis, elevated liver enzymes and low platelets.
Ratio of immunochemically determined amniotic fluid acetylcholinesterase to butyrylcholinesterase in the differential diagnosis of fetal abnormalities.
Smoking during pregnancy: a significant cause of neonatal thyroid enlargement.
The immunoperoxidase localization of tumour markers in ovarian cancer: the value of CEA, EMA, cytokeratin and DD9.
External cephalic version at term. A randomized controlled trial using tocolysis
Hormone replacement therapy and survival after surgery for ovarian cancer
Ultrasound in the investigation of the right iliac fossa mass.
Selective uptake of toxic nucleoside (125IUdR) by resistant cancer.
Tissue dose estimates following the selective uptake of 125IUdR and other radiolabelled thymidine precursors in resistant tumours.
Changes in anal canal sensation after childbirth.
Hemorrhoidectomy during pregnancy: risk or relief?
Insulin stimulates synthesis and release of human chorionic gonadotropin by choriocarcinoma cell lines.
The effect of beta-carotene on the regression and progression of cervical dysplasia: a clinical experiment.
Endometrial cancer: biochemical and clinical correlates.
Paraneoplastic vasculitic neuropathy: a treatable neuropathy.
Traumatic vulvar hematomas. Assessing and treating nonobstetric patients.
False-positive results in serologic tests for Rocky Mountain spotted fever during pregnancy.
Ureteral stump carcinoma incidentally found at cystectomy for bladder cancer.
Selective fallopian tube canalization.
Urinary 3-hydroxyproline excretion in Alport's syndrome: a non-invasive screening tests
Myogenous phenotype of epithelial-like areas in endometrial stromal sarcomas.
The ectopic ovary. A case report and review of the literature.
Prognostic significance of multimodality evoked response testing in high-risk newborns.
Establishment and characterization of unique cell lines (KCC-1a and KCC-1b) from endometrial adenocarcinoma with clear cell carcinoma presenting unusual karyotypes and estrogen secretion.
Possible etiologic heterogeneity of vulvar intraepithelial neoplasia. A correlation of pathologic characteristics with human papillomavirus detection by in situ hybridization and polymerase chain reaction.
Langerhans cell histiocytosis of the female genital tract.
Combined use of progesterone and human chorionic gonadotropin determinations for differential diagnosis of very early pregnancy.
Use of a single random serum progesterone value as a diagnostic aid for ectopic pregnancy.
Detection of premature luteinization with serum progesterone levels at the time of the postcoital test.
Bone mineral density of the lumbar spine in women with endometriosis.
Vaginosonographic measurement of endometrial thickness in the evaluation of amenorrhea.
Low human chorionic somatomammotropin fails to predict spontaneous resolution of unruptured ectopic pregnancies.
Premature menopause because of an inherited deletion in the long arm of the X-chromosome.
The fourth stage of labor: the health of birth mothers and adoptive mothers at six-weeks postpartum.
Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy and acute fatty liver of pregnancy. An unusual but favorable association?
Adenotin and adenotin-like proteins coexist with adenosine receptors in mammalian tissues.
Differences in the obstetric practices of obstetricians and family physicians in Washington State.
Prevalence of HIV infection in childbearing women in the United States. Surveillance using newborn blood samples.
Routine prenatal screening for HIV infection
Toluene abuse during pregnancy: obstetric complications and perinatal outcomes.
Calcium excretion in preeclampsia.
Prenatal diagnosis in diabetic gravidas: utility of ultrasound and maternal serum alpha-fetoprotein screening.
Magnetic resonance imaging of fetuses with intracranial defects.
Aggressive therapeutic amniocentesis for treatment of twin-twin transfusion syndrome.
Sequential invasive assessment of fetal renal function and the intrauterine treatment of fetal obstructive uropathies.
Association of umbilical venous with inferior vena cava blood flow velocities.
Ultrasonic surgical aspiration in the treatment of vulvar disease.
Radical vulvectomy with partial rectal resection and temporary colostomy as primary therapy for selected patients with vulvar carcinoma.
Antigen CA 19-9: presence in mucosa of nondiseased mullerian duct derivatives and marker for differentiation in their carcinomas.
The long-term effectiveness of hysteroscopic treatment of menorrhagia and leiomyomas.
Routine human immunodeficiency virus infection screening in unregistered and registered inner-city parturients.
No effect of experimental noise exposure on human pregnancy.
Fetal platelet consumption: a feature of placental insufficiency.
The relationship between fetal biophysical assessment, umbilical artery velocimetry, and fetal acidosis.
Treatment of ectopic pregnancy by transvaginal intratubal methotrexate administration.
Peripheral arterial vasodilation hypothesis of sodium and water retention in pregnancy: implications for pathogenesis of preeclampsia-eclampsia.
A review of the literature on cocaine abuse in pregnancy.
Turner's syndrome, fibromuscular dysplasia, and stroke.
Thrombosis in a congenitally bifurcated superior sagittal sinus.
Antepartum cultures for Ureaplasma urealyticum are not useful in predicting pregnancy outcome. The Vaginal Infections and Prematurity Study Group.
A randomized placebo-controlled trial of erythromycin for the treatment of Ureaplasma urealyticum to prevent premature delivery. The Vaginal Infections and Prematurity Study Group.
Prevention of preterm birth in high-risk patients: the role of education and provider contact versus home uterine monitoring.
Recurrent herpes gestationis with postpartum flare: a case report.
Small-for-gestational-age birth: maternal predictors and comparison with risk factors of spontaneous preterm delivery in the same cohort.
Antisperm antibodies to sperm surface antigens in women with genital tract infection.
Amniotic fluid glucose and intraamniotic infection.
Fetal breathing movements after preterm premature rupture of membranes.
Does unexplained second-trimester (15 to 20 weeks' gestation) maternal serum alpha-fetoprotein elevation presage adverse perinatal outcome? Pitfalls and preliminary studies with late second- and third-trimester maternal serum alpha-fetoprotein [published erratum appears in Am J Obstet Gynecol 1991 Jul;165(1):241]
Hospital setting and fetal death during labor among women at low risk.
Fetal ovarian cysts: prenatal ultrasonographic detection and postnatal evaluation and treatment.
Nonsurgical management of tubal pregnancy. Necessity in view of the changing clinical appearance.
Restriction fragment length polymorphism analysis to study the genetic origin of complete hydatidiform mole.
The effect of volume expansion on placental blood flow in awake hypovolemic rats in late pregnancy.
Caffeine consumption during pregnancy and fetal growth.
Acute pelvic inflammatory disease after surgical sterilization.
Endoscopic laser surgery. A single-center comprehensive experience.
Congenital and maternal cytomegalovirus infections in a London population.
Angiotensin II levels in hypertensive and normotensive pregnancies.
Anti-Kell in pregnancy.
Life events and low birthweight--analysis by infants preterm and small for gestational age.
Peritoneal fluid volume and sex steroids in the pre-ovulatory period in mild endometriosis.
Induced abortions, contraceptive practices, and tobacco smoking as risk factors for ectopic pregnancy in Athens, Greece.
Risk of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia in women with glomerulonephritis.
Fetal choroid plexus cysts: a prospective study and review of the literature.
Clear cell adenocarcinoma of the vagina and cervix. A report of the Central Netherlands Registry with emphasis on early detection and prognosis.
Isolated calcaneal metastasis in a patient with endometrial adenocarcinoma.
Plasma antiepileptic drug concentrations during pregnancy.
Insulin resistance: an early metabolic defect of Turner's syndrome.
Transfallopian tube embryo transfer: successful pregnancy outcome.
Extramedullary plasmacytoma of the urethra: a case report.
Successful hyperlipemic pregnancy.
Diffuse esophageal leiomyomatosis in a patient with Alport syndrome: CT demonstration.
Pelvic floor descent in women: dynamic evaluation with fast MR imaging and cinematic display.
Diagnostic quality and complications of hysterosalpingography: oil- versus water-soluble contrast media--a randomized prospective study.
Therapeutic effect of hysterosalpingography: oil- versus water-soluble contrast media--a randomized prospective study.
Obstructed uterovaginal anomalies: demonstration with sonography. Part I. Neonates and infants.
Obstructed uterovaginal anomalies: demonstration with sonography. Part II. Teenagers.

