Factor XIII deficiency and intracranial hemorrhages in infancy.
Effects of recombinant human interleukin-3 in aplastic anemia.
Impact of marrow cytogenetics and morphology on in vitro hematopoiesis in the myelodysplastic syndromes: comparison between recombinant human granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (CSF) and granulocyte-monocyte CSF.
A specific in vitro bioassay for measuring erythropoietin levels in human serum and plasma.
Transfusion and alloimmunization in sickle cell disease. The Cooperative Study of Sickle Cell Disease.
Effects of recombinant human interleukin-3 on human hematopoietic progenitor and precursor cells in vivo.
Recombinant lipoprotein-associated coagulation inhibitor inhibits tissue thromboplastin-induced intravascular coagulation in the rabbit.
Effect of recombinant human granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor administration on the lymphocyte subsets of patients with refractory aplastic anemia.
Surgical aspects of malaria.
Sarcoidosis of the eyelid skin.
Primary leptomeningeal B-cell lymphoma in a 8-year-old child.
Immunologic abnormalities of juvenile arthritis.
Wiskott-Aldrich syndrome. A case report.
Cyclosporine and chronic sarcoidosis.
Effect of cyclosporin on generalized Shwartzman reaction in diabetic rats.
Evolution of fundic argyrophil cell hyperplasia in nonantral atrophic gastritis.
Essential fatty acid deficiency ameliorates acute renal dysfunction in the rat after the administration of the aminonucleoside of puromycin.
Tartrate resistant acid phosphatase positive splenic lymphoma: a relatively benign condition occurring in a time-space cluster?
Effect of sample volume on yield of positive blood cultures from adult patients with haematological malignancy.
Clinical manifestations in anticardiolipin antibody-positive patients with progressive systemic sclerosis.
Hypereosinophilic syndrome with unusual cutaneous manifestations in two men with HIV infection.
Neutrophilic dermatosis with myelodysplastic syndrome: nuclear segmentation anomalies of neutrophils in the skin lesion and in peripheral blood.
Scleroderma and L-tryptophan: a possible explanation of the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Hydroxychloroquine is effective therapy for control of cutaneous sarcoidal granulomas.
The relationship of pemphigus to neoplasia.
Increased serum IgE and increased prevalence of eosinophilia in 9-year-old children of smoking parents.
Ultrastructure and three-dimensional organization of the telangiectases of hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia.
Isolation and quantitation of human erythrocyte deformability classes.
Immune activation is associated with phenylhydrazine-induced anemia in the rat.
Low plasma iron status and akathisia.
Prolonged administration of oral etoposide in patients with relapsed or refractory small-cell lung cancer: a phase II trial.
Bone marrow transplantation for myelodysplasia and secondary acute nonlymphoblastic leukemia.
Phase I study of repeated cycles of high-dose cyclophosphamide, etoposide, and cisplatin administered without bone marrow transplantation
Spinal cord arteriovenous malformation with an associated lymphatic anomaly. Case report.
Impairment of neutrophil chemotactic and bactericidal function in children infected with human immunodeficiency virus type 1 and partial reversal after in vitro exposure to granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor.
Diagnosis of cerebrovascular disease in sickle cell anemia by magnetic resonance angiography
Benefits and risks of anemia correction with recombinant human erythropoietin in children maintained by hemodialysis.
Treatment of Kawasaki syndrome: a comparison of two dosage regimens of intravenously administered immune globulin.
Beneficial effects of long-term treatment with SK&F 105685 in murine lupus nephritis.
Suppressed serum erythropoietin response to anemia and the efficacy of recombinant erythropoietin in the anemia of rheumatoid arthritis.
Rheumatoid arthritis in a patient with sickle cell disease.
Systemic lupus erythematosus presenting as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura.
Extrarenal production of calcitriol.
Long-term versus short-term treatment with recombinant interferon alfa-2a in patients with chronic hepatitis B: a prospective, randomized treatment trial.
Rapid detection and prenatal diagnosis of beta-thalassaemia: studies in Indian and Cypriot populations in the UK.
Antenatal intervention for congenital cystic adenomatoid malformation.
Fetal platelet counts in thrombocytopenic pregnancy
The twin-twin transfusion syndrome.
Pregnancy complicated by preeclampsia-eclampsia with the syndrome of hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, and low platelet count: how rapid is postpartum recovery?
Congenital chyloperitoneum as a cause of isolated fetal ascites.
TRAP sequence--successful outcome with indomethacin treatment.
Ongoing fetomaternal hemorrhage treated by serial fetal intravascular transfusions.
Immune hydrops fetalis attributable to anti-HJK.
Premature alveolar bone loss in Erdheim-Chester disease.
Iron deficiency in the young athlete.
Incomplete synthesis of N-glycans in congenital dyserythropoietic anemia type II caused by a defect in the gene encoding alpha-mannosidase II.
Haemopoietic growth factors.
The cutaneous manifestations in children with familial Mediterranean fever (recurrent hereditary polyserositis). A six-year study.
Acute promyelocytic leukemia: impact of hemorrhagic complications on response to induction chemotherapy and survival.
Heparin-induced thrombocytopenia in patients who undergo open heart surgery.
The hyperimmunoglobulinaemia E and recurrent infections syndrome in an adult [published erratum appears in Thorax 1990 Dec;45(12):984]
Bronchoalveolar lavage findings in a patient with the organic dust toxic syndrome.
Cerebral venous thrombosis due to heparin-induced thrombocytopenia.
Prenatal identification of potential donors for umbilical cord blood transplantation for Fanconi anemia.
Detection of drug-dependent, platelet-reactive antibodies by antigen-capture ELISA and flow cytometry.
Incubation of platelet concentrates before transfusion does not improve posttransfusion recovery.
Abnormal membrane physical properties of red cells in McLeod syndrome.
Autoimmune hemolytic anemia in Kawasaki disease: a case report
Tryptophan-induced eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome
Primary splenic lymphocyte-depletion Hodgkin's disease.
Thymic hyperplasia. A clue to the diagnosis of hyperthyroidism.
Hepatic giant cavernous hemangioma with microangiopathic hemolytic anemia and consumption coagulopathy.
Treatment of the anemia of chronic renal failure with subcutaneous recombinant human erythropoietin.
The natural history of thrombocytopenia associated with preeclampsia.
Continuing controversy in alloimmune thrombocytopenia: fetal hyperimmunoglobulinemia fails to prevent thrombocytopenia.
Management and outcomes of pregnancies complicated by human B19 parvovirus infection: a prospective study
Spontaneous infarction of placental chorioangioma and associated regression of hydrops fetalis.
Late chronic hemolysis after valve replacement for aortic stenosis. Relation to residual hypertrophy and impaired left ventricular function.
Adverse reactions to heparin [clinical conference]
Sarcoidosis complicated by HIV infection: three case reports and a review of the literature.
Ciliary motility in two patients with yellow nail syndrome and recurrent sinopulmonary infections.
Spontaneous splenic rupture following infectious mononucleosis.
SCH-39304 in prevention and treatment of disseminated candidiasis in persistently granulocytopenic rabbits.
Prognosis of chronic granulomatous disease.
Social integration of the older thalassaemic patient.
Analysis of prognostic factors and clinicopathological staging of thymoma
Coexisting thymic carcinoid tumor and thymoma.
Pregnancy in women with immune thrombocytopenic purpura.
Eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome. Recognition of a distinct clinicopathologic entity
Eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome associated with L-tryptophan ingestion. Analysis of four patients and implications for differential diagnosis and pathogenesis
HLA-B38, DR4, DQw3 and clozapine-induced agranulocytosis in Jewish patients with schizophrenia.
Heterotopic tissue in lymph nodes. An unrecognized problem.
Idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura in pregnancy: a randomized trial on the effect of antenatal low dose corticosteroids on neonatal platelet count
The hematopoietic defect in aplastic anemia assessed by long-term marrow culture.
Enhanced endogenous leukotriene biosynthesis in patients treated with granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor.
Deficiency of glycosyl-phosphatidylinositol-linked membrane glycoproteins of leukocytes in paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria, description of a new diagnostic cytofluorometric assay.
Impaired iron uptake and transferrin binding by erythroblasts in the anaemia of rheumatoid arthritis.
Erythema infectiosum and pregnancy-related complications
A phase I study of a new cisplatin derivative for hematologic malignancies.
A phase I study of 4'-0-tetrahydropyranyladriamycin. Clinical pharmacology and pharmacokinetics.
Successful treatment of metastatic thymic carcinoma with cisplatin, vinblastine, bleomycin, and etoposide chemotherapy.
Sarcoid reaction mimicking intrathoracic dissemination of testicular cancer.
Effect of granulocyte colony-stimulating factor on neutropenia due to chemotherapy for non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
Anaesthesia for renal transplantation in sickle cell disease.
Splenic septic emboli in endocarditis.
Fluosol DA-20 in the treatment of severe anemia: randomized, controlled study of 46 patients.
Exercise performance of polycythemic chronic obstructive pulmonary disease patients. Effect of phlebotomies.
Serum concentration of soluble interleukin-2 receptor as a sensitive parameter of disease activity in sarcoidosis.
Cardiopulmonary assessment in beta-thalassemia major.
Cardiac abnormalities in children with sickle cell anemia.
Pulse oximetry. Uses and abuses.
Anti-Kveim monoclonal antibody. New monoclonal antibody reacting to epithelioid cells in sarcoid granulomas.
Occult fatal pulmonary embolism with disseminated intravascular coagulation. An unusual case masquerading as miliary tuberculosis.
The malignancy-sarcoidosis syndrome.
A case of massive true thymic hyperplasia with non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
Hepatic vascular disease and portal hypertension in polycythemia vera and agnogenic myeloid metaplasia: a clinicopathological study of 145 patients examined at autopsy.
On the need for erythropoietin treatment in dialysis patients. A Copenhagen City Dialysis Unit study
Magnetic resonance imaging of the bone marrow following treatment with recombinant human erythropoietin in patients with end-stage renal disease.
Aggressive blood conservation in coronary artery surgery: impact on patient care.
Cells immunoreactive for neuropeptide in human thymomas.
Hypergammaglobulinemic purpura of Waldenstrom.
Eosinophilic pustular folliculitis: fungal folliculitis?
Traumatic asphyxia.
Mandibular osteomyelitis in a patient with sickle cell anemia: report of case.
Elevated serum interleukin-6 associated with a failure in B cell differentiation in common variable immunodeficiency.
Down regulation in hypersensitivity pneumonitis.
Small bile duct abnormalities in sarcoidosis.
Early hospital discharge of children with cancer treated for fever and neutropenia: identification and management of the low-risk patient.
Mechlorethamine, vincristine, and procarbazine chemotherapy for recurrent high-grade glioma in adults: a phase II study.
Pediatric blunt liver injury and coagulopathy managed with packs and a silo: case report.
Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs in the treatment of eosinophilic cystitis.
Nephron function in the early phase of ischemic renal failure. Significance of erythrocyte trapping.
Improvement of brain function in hemodialysis patients treated with erythropoietin.
Renal cell carcinoma associated with sarcoidlike tissue reaction.
Coagulation factor abnormalities as possible thrombotic risk factors after Fontan operations.
Value of antigen detection in predicting invasive pulmonary aspergillosis
Comparison of oral iron chelator L1 and desferrioxamine in iron-loaded patients.
A chronic granulomatous syndrome of unknown origin.
Coccidioidomycosis during human immunodeficiency virus infection. A review of 77 patients.
Molecular defect of the band 3 protein in southeast Asian ovalocytosis
The agent of bacillary angiomatosis. An approach to the identification of uncultured pathogens
Spinal cord thromboplastin-induced coagulopathy in a rabbit model.
Antibodies to synthetic peptide (125-148) of the alpha-subunit of human nicotinic acetylcholine receptor in sera from patients with myasthenia gravis.
Eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome (L-tryptophan-associated neuromyopathy).
Doppler umbilical artery studies in the twin-twin transfusion syndrome.
The myelodysplastic syndromes. Case report and review.
Thrombocytosis after pneumonia with empyema and other bacterial infections in children.
Immunoglobulin G subclasses in serum and circulating immune complexes in patients with Kawasaki syndrome.
Antigenic recognition by intravenous gamma-globulin of selected bacteria isolated from throats of patients with Kawasaki syndrome.
Peripheral vascular disorders. Assessment and intervention.
When a patient with a bleeding disorder needs dental work. How you can work with the dentist to prevent a crisis
Eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome linked to tryptophan.
Hypomutability in Fanconi anemia cells is associated with increased deletion frequency at the HPRT locus.
Hypodense eosinophils and interleukin 5 activity in the blood of patients with the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
In vitro colony culture and chromosomal studies in hepatic and portal vein thrombosis--possible evidence of an occult myeloproliferative state.
Management of the hematologic complications of human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Cytomegalovirus infections in bone marrow transplant recipients given intensive cytoreductive therapy.
Synchronous Hodgkin's disease and myelofibrosis terminating with granulocytic sarcoma and acute megakaryocytic leukemia.
Cytophagic histiocytic panniculitis evolving into total lipodystrophy.
Isolated erythroid hypoplasia and renal insufficiency induced by long-term griseofulvin therapy.
The role of gastric resection in the management of multicentric argyrophil gastric carcinoids.
High ethanol consumption as risk factor for intracerebral hemorrhage in young and middle-aged people.
Viral infections in transfusion-dependent patients with beta-thalassemia major: the predominant role of cytomegalovirus.
Evaluation of the manual hexadimethrine bromide (Polybrene) technique in the investigation of autoimmune hemolytic anemia.
Life-threatening, antiglobulin test-negative, acute autoimmune hemolytic anemia due to a non-complement-activating IgG1 kappa cold antibody with Pra specificity.
Impaired thermoregulation and thyroid function in iron-deficiency anemia.
Histiocytosis X. S-100 protein, peanut agglutinin, and transmission electron microscopy study.
Total and differential leukocyte counts in clinically well children. Information or misinformation?
Lead poisoning and thalassemia trait or iron deficiency. The value of the red blood cell distribution width.
Extramedullary hematopoiesis involving the esophagus in myelofibrosis.
Diffuse hemangiomatosis of the spleen: splenic hemangiomatosis presenting with giant splenomegaly, anemia, and thrombocytopenia.
Body fluid spaces and blood pressure in hemodialysis patients during amelioration of anemia with erythropoietin.
Bioavailability of iron in hemodialysis patients treated with erythropoietin: evidence for the inhibitory role of aluminum.
The role of aluminum in the functional iron deficiency of patients treated with erythropoietin: case report of clinical characteristics and response to treatment.
Disseminated intravascular coagulation due to intravenous administration of hetastarch.
Prenatal diagnosis of laryngeal atresia.
Twin-twin transfusion syndrome.
Cytokine production (IL-1 alpha, IL-1 beta, and TNF alpha) and endothelial cell activation (ELAM-1 and HLA-DR) in reactive lymphadenitis, Hodgkin's disease, and in non-Hodgkin's lymphomas. An immunocytochemical study.
Hypothermia and acidosis worsen coagulopathy in the patient requiring massive transfusion.
Pulmonary histiocytosis X with mediastinal lymph node involvement.
Myasthenic thymus and thymoma are selectively enriched in acetylcholine receptor-reactive T cells.
Malignant thymoma presenting as intracardiac tumor and superior vena caval obstruction.
Job's syndrome: a rare cause of recurrent lung abscess in childhood.
Empiric treatment of fungal infections in the neutropenic host. Review of the literature and guidelines for use.
Lindane (Kwell)-induced aplastic anemia.
Lovastatin. Warfarin interaction.
Maternal genomic neutrophil FcRIII deficiency leading to neonatal isoimmune neutropenia.
Parvovirus B19-induced perturbation of human megakaryocytopoiesis in vitro.
Analysis of platelet aggregation disorders based on flow cytometric analysis of membrane glycoprotein IIb-IIIa with conformation-specific monoclonal antibodies.
Plasma thrombomodulin in health and diseases.
Molecular and hematologic characterization of Scottish-Irish type (epsilon gamma delta beta)zero thalassemia.
Sickle erythrocytes inhibit human endothelial cell DNA synthesis.
Chronic anaemia, hyperbaric oxygen and tumour radiosensitivity.
Pearson's marrow-pancreas syndrome. A multisystem mitochondrial disorder in infancy.
Human neutrophil cytochrome b light chain (p22-phox). Gene structure, chromosomal location, and mutations in cytochrome-negative autosomal recessive chronic granulomatous disease.
L-tryptophan implicated in human eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome causes fasciitis and perimyositis in the Lewis rat.
Iron: nutrition monitoring and nutrition status assessment.
A new surgical approach in genital lymphedema.
Acute splenic sequestration crisis in two adults with sickle cell disease: US, CT, and MR imaging findings.
Hepatic infarction in preeclampsia.
Angiocentric lymphoma with histologic features of neoplastic angioendotheliomatosis presenting with predominant respiratory and hematologic manifestations. Report of a case and review of the literature
Multiple myeloma and acute megakaryoblast leukemia in spent phase polycythemia vera.
Newborn screening for sickle cell disease. When is an infant 'lost to follow-up'?
Platelet aggregation is not necessary for occurrence of Raynaud's phenomenon: a clinical history and laboratory results.
Ticlopidine treatment reduces the progression of nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy. The TIMAD Study Group.
Splenic rupture in a human immunodeficiency virus-infected patient with primary splenic lymphoma.
Alterations in pulmonary mechanics after transfusion in anemic preterm infants.
Elevated serum procollagen III aminopeptide levels in sarcoidosis.
Osler-Weber-Rendu disease and pulmonary arteriovenous fistulas. Deterioration and embolotherapy during pregnancy.
Ear involvement in the yellow nail syndrome.
A constitutive antibody in normal human serum directed against rabbit bone marrow cells: lack in parturients, neonates, and hematologic disorders.
Increased incidence of monoclonal gammopathy of undetermined significance in blacks and its age-related differences with whites on the basis of a study of 397 men and one woman in a hospital setting.
Negative screening for sickle cell diseases with a monoclonal immunoassay on newborn blood eluted from filter paper.
Rheologic properties of mixed hemoglobin gels: deoxyhemoglobins S and A.
Rheologic properties of mixed hemoglobin gels: deoxyhemoglobins S and F.
Eosinophilic meningitis: cause of a chronic pain syndrome.
Obesity and vaginal hysterectomy.
Paraneoplastic pemphigus. An autoimmune mucocutaneous disease associated with neoplasia.
Giant lymph node hyperplasia of the lung (Castleman's disease) associated with recurrent pleural effusion.
Asymptomatic rhabdomyolysis of unknown etiology.
Corporectomy for intractable sickle-associated priapism.
Anterior segment ischemia: a complication of retinal detachment repair in a patient with sickle cell trait.
Kawasaki disease: echocardiographic features in 91 cases presenting in the United Kingdom.
Continuous papaveretum infusion for the control of pain in painful sickling crisis.
Intravenous immunoglobulin in virus associated haemophagocytic syndrome.
Angle-closure glaucoma as initial presentation of myelodysplastic syndrome.
Primary malignant lymphomas of the spleen. A morphologic and immunohistochemical analysis of 17 cases.
Effects of the differentiating agent hexamethylene bisacetamide on normal and myelodysplastic hematopoietic progenitors.
Congenital abnormalities of the lymphatic system: a new clinical classification.
Thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura treated with high-dose intravenous gamma globulin.
Ulcerative lesions and herpes simplex virus type 2 in a patient with Evan's syndrome.
Synchronous diffuse well-differentiated lymphocytic lymphoma and gastric adenocarcinoma presenting as splenomegaly and iron deficiency anemia.
Treatment with 13-cis-retinoic acid in transfusion-dependent patients with myelodysplastic syndrome and decreased toxicity with addition of alpha-tocopherol.
Edgar J Poth lecture. Pathogenesis, diagnosis, and treatment of thrombosis.
Nitrobenzene poisoning and spurious pulse oximetry.
Caesarean section in a patient with haemoglobin SC disease and a phaeochromocytoma.
The effect of corticosteroid or methotrexate therapy on lung lymphocytes and macrophages in sarcoidosis.
Severe anemia is an important negative predictor for survival with disseminated Mycobacterium avium-intracellulare in acquired immunodeficiency syndrome [published erratum appears in Am Rev Respir Dis 1991 Feb;143(2):451]
Peripheral neuropathy associated with eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Normal reticulin level in iliac bone marrow.
Extramedullary hematopoiesis in a bronchial carcinoid tumor. An unusual complication of agnogenic myeloid metaplasia.
Effects of recombinant human erythropoietin on T lymphocyte subsets in hemodialysis patients.
Effectiveness of low dose erythropoietin: a possible advantage of high flux hemodialysis.
Leukocyte overshoot: a new sign of bioincompatibility in fast hemodialysis.
Recombinant human erythropoietin does not increase clotting in vascular accesses.
Surgical presentation of Kawasaki disease (mucocutaneous lymph node syndrome).
Primary peritoneal sarcoidosis.
Colony-stimulating factors.
Treatment of drug-induced agranulocytosis with recombinant GM-CSF
A phase I study of recombinant human interferon-alpha 2a or human lymphoblastoid interferon-alpha n1 and concomitant zidovudine in patients with AIDS-related Kaposi's sarcoma.
Diclofenac induced immune thrombocytopenia.
Microscopic Wegener's disease: a particular form of Wegener's granulomatosis.
Priapism associated with the sickle cell hemoglobinopathies: prevalence, natural history and sequelae.
Quinine-induced disseminated intravascular coagulation.
Inferior hilar window.
Mediastinal abnormalities: detection with storage phosphor digital radiography.
Esophageal inflammation and stricture: complication of chronic granulomatous disease of childhood.
Sarcoidosis: abdominal manifestations at CT.
Prognostic indicators of the resolution of nonimmune hydrops fetalis and survival of the fetus.
Plasma immunoreactive leukotriene C4 levels in patients with Kawasaki disease.
Regressing atypical histiocytosis. Aberrant prothymocyte differentiation, T-cell receptor gene rearrangements, and nodal involvement.
Unusual skin tumors in Langerhans' cell histiocytosis.
IgD immune complex vasculitis in a patient with hyperimmunoglobulinemia D and periodic fever.
Benzylacyclouridine reverses azidothymidine-induced marrow suppression without impairment of anti-human immunodeficiency virus activity.
Different effect of benzylacyclouridine on the toxic and therapeutic effects of azidothymidine in mice.
Long-term (5 to 20 years) Evolution of nongrafted aplastic anemias. The Cooperative Group for the Study of Aplastic and Refractory Anemias.
Isolation and characterization of an acquired antithrombin antibody.
Fibrinogen Baltimore I: polymerization defect associated with a gamma 292Gly----Val (GGC----GTC) mutation.
Sra, a private platelet antigen on glycoprotein IIIa associated with neonatal alloimmune thrombocytopenia.
Down's syndrome and acute leukemia in children: an analysis of phenotype by use of monoclonal antibodies and electron microscopic platelet peroxidase reaction
CD11c (LEU-M5) expression characterizes a B-cell chronic lymphoproliferative disorder with features of both chronic lymphocytic leukemia and hairy cell leukemia.
Human neutrophils release the Leu-8 lymph node homing receptor during cell activation.
Chemoprotective effects of recombinant human IL-1 alpha in cyclophosphamide-treated normal and tumor-bearing mice. Protection from acute toxicity, hematologic effects, development of late mortality, and enhanced therapeutic efficacy.
The effect of alcohol in isolated blunt splenic trauma.
An intracranial mass lesion in systemic xanthogranulomatosis: case report.
Evaluation and management of supraventricular tachycardia in children.
Systemic lupus erythematosus in a boy with chronic granulomatous disease: case report and review of the literature.
Factors influencing outcome of treatment with zidovudine of patients with AIDS in Australia. The Australian Zidovudine Study Group.
Enhancement of erythrocytic adenosine deaminase following treatment of AIDS-related complex/AIDS patients with zidovudine.
Molecular basis of spectrin and ankyrin deficiencies in severe hereditary spherocytosis: evidence implicating a primary defect of ankyrin.
Variation in hemoglobin F production among normal and sickle cell adults is not related to nucleotide substitutions in the gamma promoter regions.
Allogeneic marrow transplantation in patients positive for hepatitis B surface antigen.
High risk of severe bleeding in aged patients with chronic idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura.
Platelet vitronectin receptor expression differentiates Iraqi-Jewish from Arab patients with Glanzmann thrombasthenia in Israel.
Chemotherapy for children with aggressive fibromatosis and Langerhans' cell histiocytosis.
Cardiac rhabdomyoma. Rare cause of fetal death.
Helicobacter pylori infection in pernicious anemia: a prospective controlled study.
Neutrophil dysfunction in glycogen storage disease Ib: association with Crohn's-like colitis.
Granulocytic sarcoma of the colon.
A mathematical model of the volume, pH, and ion content regulation in reticulocytes. Application to the pathophysiology of sickle cell dehydration.
Evidence for a direct reticulocyte origin of dense red cells in sickle cell anemia.
A deletion in the gene for glycoprotein IIb associated with Glanzmann's thrombasthenia.
Neutrophil nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate oxidase assembly. Translocation of p47-phox and p67-phox requires interaction between p47-phox and cytochrome b558.
Preferential expression of human Fc gamma RIIIPMN (CD16) in paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria. Discordant expression of glycosyl phosphatidylinositol-linked proteins.
Use of cytoplasmic 5'nucleotidase for differentiating malignant from benign monoclonal gammopathies.
Erythroid colony growth from peripheral blood and bone marrow in polycythaemia.
The neuromuscular pathology of the Eosinophilia-Myalgia syndrome.
Continuous infusion carboplatin on a 21-day schedule: a phase I and pharmacokinetic study.
A randomized trial of cisplatin, vinblastine, and bleomycin versus vinblastine, cisplatin, and etoposide in the treatment of advanced germ cell tumors of the testis: a Southwest Oncology Group study
Absence of acetylcholine-induced current in epithelial cells from thymus glands and thymomas of myasthenia gravis patients.
Myelopathic neurosarcoidosis: diagnostic value of enhanced MRI.
Dexamethasone as an adjunct in oropharyngeal obstruction in a patient with leukemia.
Short course chemotherapy for childhood tuberculosis
A randomized trial of fully intermittent vs. daily followed by intermittent short course chemotherapy for childhood tuberculosis
Agranulocytosis from antiarrhythmic agents. What to watch for when a medication is first prescribed.
The butterfly rash and the malar flush. What diseases do these signs reflect?
Cryoglobulinemia induced by a murine IgG3 rheumatoid factor: skin vasculitis and glomerulonephritis arise from distinct pathogenic mechanisms.
Fetal hemoglobin, sickling, and sickle cell disease.
Cat-scratch disease. Acute encephalopathy and other neurologic manifestations.
Pearson syndrome and mitochondrial encephalomyopathy in a patient with a deletion of mtDNA.
Psychogenic purpura (autoerythrocyte sensitization): an unsolved dilemma.
Erythrocyte membrane protein deficiencies in paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria.
Sickle cell trait revisited.
Chloramphenicol toxicity: 25 years of research.
Danazol.
Abnormalities of von Willebrand factor multimers in thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura and the hemolytic-uremic syndrome.
Nitrogen metabolism in sickle cell anemia: free amino acids in plasma and urine.
Thymoma: results of 241 operated cases
Poisonings in laboratory personnel and health care professionals.
Cat-scratch disease: an unusual cause of combative behavior.
Interleukin-8 production in red blood cell incompatibility.
Interleukin-1 beta (IL-1 beta) induces thrombocytosis in mice: possible implication of IL-6.
Surreptitious ingestion of a long-acting vitamin K antagonist/rodenticide, brodifacoum: clinical and metabolic studies of three cases.
t(3;21)(q26;q22): a recurring chromosomal abnormality in therapy-related myelodysplastic syndrome and acute myeloid leukemia.
Immunochemical and electrophoretic analyses of phosphorylated native and recombinant neutrophil oxidase component p47-phox.
Molecular basis for alpha-thalassemia associated with the structural mutant hemoglobin Suan-Dok (alpha 2 109leu----arg) [published erratum appears in Blood 1991 Mar 15;77(6):1404].
Reduction of graft failure by a monoclonal antibody (anti-LFA-1 CD11a) after HLA nonidentical bone marrow transplantation in children with immunodeficiencies, osteopetrosis, and Fanconi's anemia: a European Group for Immunodeficiency/European Group for Bone Marrow Transplantation report.
Interleukin-6 mRNA and protein increase in vivo following induction of acute thrombocytopenia in mice.
Molecular defect in coagulation factor XFriuli results from a substitution of serine for proline at position 343.
Hemoglobin Cagliari (beta 60 [E4] Val----Glu): a novel unstable thalassemic hemoglobinopathy.
Is the treatment of metastatic carcinoid tumor with interferon not as successful as suggested?
A pilot study of intermediate-dose methotrexate and cytosine arabinoside, "spread-out" or "up-front," in continuation therapy for childhood non-T, non-B acute lymphoblastic leukemia. A Pediatric Oncology Group study.
Immunosuppressive acidic protein in malignant diseases. Clinical relevance?
Pregnancy outcome in hematologic malignancies.
Skeletal involvement in children who have chronic granulomatous disease.
Deformities of the hip in adults who have sickle-cell disease and had avascular necrosis in childhood. A natural history of fifty-two patients.
Potential role of IgG avidity for diagnosing toxoplasmosis.
Hypergastrinemia, gastric endocrine cell hyperplasia, and intractable diarrhea.
Trimethoprim-sulphamethoxazole-associated blood dyscrasias. Ten years' experience of the Swedish spontaneous reporting system.
Gall-bladder perforation after long-term dapsone therapy.
A clinico-pathological and follow up study of 10 cases of essential type II cryoglobulinaemic neuropathy.
Recognition of distinctive patterns of gallium-67 distribution in sarcoidosis.
Phosphorus-32-colloidal chromic phosphate: treatment of choice for malignant pericardial effusion.
Treatment of childhood angiomatous diseases with recombinant interferon alfa-2a.
Effects of recombinant human erythropoietin on cerebral and cutaneous blood flow and on blood coagulability.
Development of a new radioimmunoassay for erythropoietin using recombinant erythropoietin.
Lymphoedema/hypercalcaemia syndrome mediated by parathyroid-hormone-related protein.
Cuban programme for prevention of sickle cell disease.
The electrodiagnostic findings in polyneuropathies associated with IgM monoclonal gammopathies.
Evolution of a genetic disease in an ethnic isolate: beta-thalassemia in the Jews of Kurdistan.
Antibiotic-associated hypoprothrombinemia: a review of prospective studies, 1966-1988.
Nosocomial infections due to Xanthomonas maltophilia (Pseudomonas maltophilia) in patients with cancer.
Physiologic observations of pregnant women undergoing prophylactic erythrocytapheresis for sickle cell disease.
Bleeding ectatic vascular lesion involving the sigmoid colon, endoscopically indistinguishable from angiodysplasia, in an 8-yr-old boy.
Clinical evaluation of plasma abnormal prothrombin (des-gamma-carboxy prothrombin) in hepatobiliary malignancies and other diseases.
Eosinophilic ascites due to hyperinfection with Strongyloides stercoralis.
Chylous ascites due to sarcoidosis.
Androgens potentiate the effects of erythropoietin in the treatment of anemia of end-stage renal disease
Thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome: a pathologically documented case report.
Ascites revealing peritoneal and hepatic extramedullary hematopoiesis with peliosis in agnogenic myeloid metaplasia: case report and review of the literature.
Venous Doppler ultrasonography in the fetus with nonimmune hydrops.
Anemia and spontaneous preterm birth.
Quantitative and qualitative platelet abnormalities during pregnancy.
Sweet's syndrome with lung involvement.
Partial splenic embolization. An effective alternative to splenectomy for hypersplenism.
Combined use of fine-needle aspiration cytologic examination and tuberculin skin test in the diagnosis of cervical tuberculous lymphadenitis. A prospective study.
Secondary effects of erythropoietin treatment on metabolism and dialysis efficiency in stable hemodialysis patients.
Erythropoietin response to anemia as a function of age.
Elevated expression of the genes for transforming growth factor-beta 1 and type VI collagen in diffuse fasciitis associated with the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Morphology of sickle cells produced in solutions of varying osmolarities.
Fibrinolysis, thrombocytopenia, and coagulation abnormalities complicating high-dose interleukin-2 immunotherapy.
Characterization of "peak E," a novel amino acid associated with eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Middle cerebral artery blood velocity and cerebral blood flow in sickle cell disease.
Cerebral infarction in patients with nephrotic syndrome.
HTLV-I associated myelopathy (HAM) after blood transfusion in a patient with CD2+ hairy cell leukemia.
Platelet aggregation in platelet-rich plasma and whole blood in 120 patients with myeloproliferative disorders.
Bone marrow necrosis in leukemic-phase follicular lymphoma.
Diagnosis, classification, and course of myelodysplastic syndromes.
Chromosomal abnormalities in myelodysplastic syndromes and acute myeloid leukemia.
The role of ras gene mutations in myeloproliferative disorders.
Systems used to study the nature of the leukemic cell and predict treatment outcome in patients with myeloproliferative disorders.
Myeloproliferative disorders. Classification and diagnostic features with special emphasis on chronic myelogenous leukemia and agnogenic myeloid metaplasia.
Polycythemia vera and other polycythemic states.
Platelet abnormalities in myeloproliferative disorders.
Prevalence of Helicobacter pylori in specific forms of gastritis. Further evidence supporting a pathogenic role for H. pylori in chronic nonspecific gastritis.
Cutaneous manifestations of the L-tryptophan-associated eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome: a spectrum of sclerodermatous skin disease.
The evolution of lymphadenopathy and hypergammaglobulinemia are evidence for early and sustained polyclonal B lymphocyte activation during human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Sarcoidosis of the cauda equina: a report of three cases.
Pentostatin induces durable remissions in hairy cell leukemia.
A comparison of induction and maintenance therapy for acute nonlymphocytic leukemia in childhood: results of a Pediatric Oncology Group study.
Hepatopathy-thrombocytopenia syndrome--a complication of dactinomycin therapy for Wilms' tumor: a report from the United Kingdom Childrens Cancer Study Group.
A prospective randomized trial comparing epirubicin monochemotherapy to two fluorouracil, cyclophosphamide, and epirubicin regimens differing in epirubicin dose in advanced breast cancer patients. The French Epirubicin Study Group
Microvascular right-to-left pulmonary shunt demonstrated by a radionuclide method.
Mixed connective tissue disease with arterial thrombosis, antiphospholipid antibodies and heparin induced thrombocytopenia.
L-tryptophan induced eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome associated with L-tryptophan use.
Microangiopathy in the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
An eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome associated with an L-tryptophan containing product.
Eosinophilic myositis an expression of L-tryptophan toxicity?
Eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome in association with L-tryptophan ingestion.
L-tryptophan associated eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Hemoglobin Columbia Missouri or alpha 2[88 (F9) Ala----Val]beta 2: a new high-oxygen-affinity hemoglobin that causes erythrocytosis.
Transfusion requirements and effects in patients with thalassaemia major. Cooleycare Programme.
Predictors of morbidity and mortality in neonates with herpes simplex virus infections. The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases Collaborative Antiviral Study Group.
Simple technique for long term central venous access in the patient with thrombocytopenic carcinoma.
Essential fatty acid sufficiency does not preclude fat-soluble-vitamin deficiency in short-bowel syndrome.
Percutaneous balloon pulmonary valvuloplasty in sickle cell anemia: a case report.
Long-term therapy with deflazacort in chronic sarcoidosis.
Soluble interleukin-2 receptor in sera of patients with pulmonary tuberculosis
Pulmonary involvement in the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Progressive hemolytic anemia due to delayed recognition of a Beall mitral valve prosthesis.
A multicentre follow-up study of 1152 patients with myasthenia gravis in Italy.
Outbreak of Bacillus Calmette-Guerin-associated lymphadenitis and abscesses in Jamaican children.
A three-point approach to anemia.
Adenotonsillectomy in children with sickle cell disease.
Contemporary use of the disease concept: III. A pedantic failure to change behavior regarding the problem of anemia.
High mortality among patients with the leukemoid reaction and alcoholic hepatitis.
Embolism of cerebral tissue: a cause of coagulopathy and cerebral infarction? Report of a case.
X-linked sideroblastic anemia and ataxia: linkage to phosphoglycerate kinase at Xq13.
Protection against malaria morbidity: near-fixation of the alpha-thalassemia gene in a Nepalese population.
Heparin-induced thrombocytopenia: a case report.
Ventilation and gas exchange during exercise in sickle cell anemia.
Cardiac output and oxygen delivery during exercise in sickle cell anemia.
Increased levels of oxidized methionine residues in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid proteins from patients with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis.
Aggressive cavitary pulmonary sarcoidosis.
Hypersensitivity pneumonitis versus invasive pulmonary aspergillosis: two cases with unusual pathologic findings and review of the literature.
Human immunodeficiency virus-associated eosinophilic folliculitis. A unique dermatosis associated with advanced human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Eosinophilic fasciitis associated with tryptophan ingestion. A manifestation of eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Video viewing as an alternative to sedation for young subjects who have cardiac ultrasound examinations.
Prenatal detection of foramen ovale obstruction without hydrops fetalis.
Abnormal megakaryocytopoiesis in the Belgrade laboratory rat.
Fine-needle aspiration evaluation of lymphoproliferative lesions in human immunodeficiency virus-positive patients. A multiparameter approach.
Thymic carcinoma. A clinicopathologic study of 60 cases.
Idiopathic hypereosinophilic syndrome terminating as disseminated T-cell lymphoma.
Multimodality cisplatin treatment in nonresectable alpha-fetoprotein-positive hepatoma.
Treatment of advanced neuroblastoma with I-131 meta-iodobenzylguanidine.
The Lewis X antigen. A new paraffin section marker for Reed-Sternberg cells.
Clinical significance of hematologic parameters in non-Hodgkin's lymphoma at diagnosis.
Nephrotoxicity of allopurinol is enhanced in experimental hypertension.
Polycythemia vera blood burst-forming units-erythroid are hypersensitive to interleukin-3.
Enhanced activity of the free radical producing enzyme xanthine oxidase in hypoxic rat liver. Regulation and pathophysiologic significance.
Chronic neutropenia. A new canine model induced by human granulocyte colony-stimulating factor.
Ureaplasma urealyticum chronic osteomyelitis in a patient with hypogammaglobulinemia.
Angiolymphoid hyperplasia with eosinophilia.
Acetazolamide-associated aplastic anaemia.
Long-term follow-up after heterotopic splenic autotransplantation for traumatic splenic rupture
Isolated muscular sarcoidosis causing fever of unknown origin: the value of gallium-67 imaging.
Surgical resection of a solitary liver metastasis in a 46-year-old patient with a malignant thymoma.
Eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome associated with ingestion of L-tryptophan: muscle biopsy findings in 4 patients.
Chylothorax secondary to obstruction of the superior vena cava: a complication of the LeVeen shunt.
Hemolytic anemia associated with the use of omeprazole.
Kawasaki-like syndrome after treatment with mesalazine.
Enalapril-associated anemia in renal transplant recipients treated for hypertension.
Mechanisms of hemolysis and anemia associated with acute antepartum pyelonephritis.
Vascular and nonvascular expression of INCAM-110. A target for mononuclear leukocyte adhesion in normal and inflamed human tissues.
Coronary artery aneurysm without stenosis in association with Osler-Weber-Rendu disease--a case report.
The acute lupus hemophagocytic syndrome [published erratum appears in Ann Intern Med 1991 Jun 1;114(11):993]
Recombinant human erythropoietin and renal anemia: molecular biology, clinical efficacy, and nervous system effects
Adult overwhelming meningococcal purpura. A study of 35 cases, 1977-1989.
Cold-induced granulocyte agglutination. A cause of pseudoleukopenia.
Large-cell anaplastic (Ki-1-positive) lymphoma complicated by disseminated intravascular coagulation.
Cyclosporine therapy for advanced Langerhans cell histiocytosis.
Transmembrane mobility of phospholipids in sickle erythrocytes: effect of deoxygenation on diffusion and asymmetry.
Interaction of two different disorders in the beta-globin gene cluster associated with an increased hemoglobin F production: a novel deletion type of G gamma + (A gamma delta beta)zero-thalassemia and a delta zero-hereditary persistence of fetal hemoglobin determinant.
Circulating erythropoietin levels after bone marrow transplantation: inappropriate response to anemia in allogeneic transplants.
Iron deficiency anemia in the elderly: the diagnostic process.
Blood eosinophil number and activity in relation to lung function in patients with asthma and with eosinophilia.
Contracturing granulomatous myositis: a separate entity.
Clinical and biologic effects of granulocyte colony stimulating factor in the treatment of myelokathexis.
Interferon for vulvar vestibulitis.
Essential thrombocythemia in young adults.
Immunohistochemical study of erythropoietin in cerebellar hemangioblastomas associated with secondary polycythemia.
Application of INSTAT hemostat in the control of gingival hemorrhage in the patient with thrombocytopenia. A case report.
Gingival swelling as a manifestation of aplastic anemia.
Heparin as the cause of coagulopathy which may complicate grafting of the liver.
Chronic neutropenia during childhood. A 13-year experience in a single institution.
The clinical spectrum of thrombocytosis and thrombocythemia.
Application of a modified bioassay for monitoring serum teicoplanin and vancomycin in febrile neutropenic patients.
Methaemoglobinaemia after ingestion of amyl nitrite.
High hemoglobin A2 beta 0-thalassemia due to a 532-basepair deletion of the 5' beta-globin gene region.
Treatment of aplastic anemia in children with recombinant human granulocyte colony-stimulating factor.
Expression of intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (CD54) on hematopoietic progenitors.
Prenatal diagnosis of hemoglobinopathies.
Acid phosphatase (EC 3.1.3.2) activity in alveolar macrophages from patients with active sarcoidosis.
Lung mechanics and gas exchange during exercise in pulmonary sarcoidosis.
IL-1 and IL-1 inhibitory activity in the culture supernatants of alveolar macrophages from patients with interstitial lung diseases.
Hypercapnic respiratory failure due to L-tryptophan-induced eosinophilic polymyositis.
Prolonged CD4+ lymphocytopenia and thrombocytopenia in a chimpanzee persistently infected with human immunodeficiency virus type 1.
Recombinant murine granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor augments neutrophil recovery and enhances resistance to infections in myelosuppressed mice.
Hypogammaglobulinemia associated with cytomegalovirus pneumonia.
Serum erythropoietin levels in the anaemia of chronic disorders.
Prophylactic effect of self-administered pump-driven subcutaneous IgG infusion in patients with antibody deficiency: a triple-blind cross-over study comparing P-IgG levels of 3 g l-1 versus 6 g l-1.
Lack of increased bleeding after paracentesis and thoracentesis in patients with mild coagulation abnormalities.
A fatal case of ceftriaxone (Rocephin)-induced hemolytic anemia associated with intravascular immune hemolysis.
Bone marrow findings after treatment with recombinant human interleukin-3.
Flow cytometric analysis of terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase.
Ceftazidime-induced hemolysis in a patient with drug-dependent antibodies reactive by immune complex and drug adsorption mechanisms.
Hemodynamic effects of partial correction of chronic anemia by recombinant human erythropoietin in patients on dialysis.
Results of bronchoscopically obtained lower airway cultures from adult sickle cell disease patients with the acute chest syndrome.
Idiopathic neutropenia: antineutrophil antibodies and clinical correlations.
Efficacy of fludarabine, a new adenine nucleoside analogue, in patients with prolymphocytic leukemia and the prolymphocytoid variant of chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
A comparison of the performance of 20 pulse oximeters under conditions of poor perfusion
Acquired methemoglobinemia. The relationship of cause to course of illness [published erratum appears in Am J Dis Child 1991 Feb;145(2):158]
Serum non-organ specific autoantibodies in human immunodeficiency virus 1 infection.
Gastric lymphoma causing granulocytopenia and cold intolerance, with recovery after treatment.
Neuropathy caused by spontaneous intraneural hemorrhage: case report.
Radiographic manifestations of anomalies of the lung.
Prenatal screening for hemoglobinopathies. I. A prospective regional trial.
Prenatal screening for hemoglobinopathies. II. Evaluation of counseling
Prenatal screening for hemoglobinopathies. III. Applicability of the health belief model.
Mapping of the locus for X-linked cardioskeletal myopathy with neutropenia and abnormal mitochondria (Barth syndrome) to Xq28.
Hemolysis due to branch pulmonary stenosis after the arterial switch procedure.
Anemia after traumatic spinal cord injury.
Coagulation studies in the syndrome of haemolysis, elevated liver enzymes and low platelets.
Giant cell versus lymphocytic myocarditis. A comparison of their clinical features and long-term outcomes
Decreased content and surface expression of alpha-granule membrane protein GMP-140 in one of two types of platelet alpha delta storage pool deficiency.
Evidence that tumor necrosis factor plays a pathogenetic role in the paraneoplastic syndromes of cachexia, hypercalcemia, and leukocytosis in a human tumor in nude mice.
Infantile acute hemorrhagic edema of the skin: study of ten cases.
Langerhans cell histiocytosis in monozygotic twins.
Cutaneous manifestations in patients with essential thrombocythemia.
Pyoderma gangrenosum followed by subcorneal pustular dermatosis in a patient with IgA paraproteinemia.
Rhodococcus infection of the skin with lymphadenitis in a nonimmunocompromised girl.
Thrombotic vasculopathy associated with cryofibrinogenemia.
A syndrome characterized by nodular eosinophilic infiltration of the skin and immunoglobulin isotype imbalance.
Trichothiodystrophy with chronic neutropenia and mild mental retardation.
Group A streptococcal cellulitis-adenitis in a patient with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Phase II trial of piritrexim in metastatic melanoma using intermittent, low-dose administration.
Occurrence of hypercalcemia and leukocytosis with cachexia in a human squamous cell carcinoma of the maxilla in athymic nude mice: a novel experimental model of three concomitant paraneoplastic syndromes.
High risk of recurrent stroke after discontinuance of five to twelve years of transfusion therapy in patients with sickle cell disease.
Decreased protein binding of salicylates in Kawasaki disease.
Successful treatment of cat-scratch disease with ciprofloxacin.
Use of immunoglobulin gene rearrangements to show clonal lymphoproliferation in hyper-reactive malarial splenomegaly
Cerebral falciparum malaria mimicking thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura.
Collateral circulation in Kawasaki disease with coronary occlusion or severe stenosis.
Aplastic anemia associated with antithyroid drugs.
A retrospective cohort study of the risk of tuberculosis among women of childbearing age with HIV infection in Zaire.
Congenital parvovirus infection.
Leukopenia, neutropenia, and reduced hemoglobin levels in healthy American blacks.
Effect of marked peripheral leukocytosis on the leukocyte count in ascites.
Eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome. A clinical case series of 21 patients. New Mexico Eosinophilia-Myalgia Syndrome Study Group.
Myogenous phenotype of epithelial-like areas in endometrial stromal sarcomas.
Monoclonal nature of transient abnormal myelopoiesis in Down's syndrome.
Blood mononuclear cells from patients with severe congenital neutropenia are capable of producing granulocyte colony-stimulating factor.
Protection from arabinofuranosylcytosine and n-mustard-induced myelotoxicity using hemoregulatory peptide pGlu-Glu-Asp-Cys-Lys monomer and dimer.
Vanillin, a potential agent for the treatment of sickle cell anemia.
Molecular characterization of beta-thalassemia intermedia in patients of Italian descent and identification of three novel beta-thalassemia mutations.
Molecular defect of a phosphoglycerate kinase variant (PGK-Matsue) associated with hemolytic anemia: Leu----Pro substitution caused by T/A----C/G transition in exon 3.
Rate of deoxygenation and rheologic behavior of blood in sickle cell anemia.
The Senegal DNA haplotype is associated with the amelioration of anemia in African-American sickle cell anemia patients.
A pilot study of suramin in the treatment of metastatic renal cell carcinoma.
High-dose cisplatin plus dacarbazine in the treatment of metastatic melanoma.
The use of probenecid as a chemoprotector against cisplatin nephrotoxicity.
Langerhans cell histiocytosis of the female genital tract.
The value of preoperative estimation of haemoglobin in children undergoing tonsillectomy.
Renormalization of high cardiac output and of left ventricular size following long-term recombinant human erythropoietin treatment of anemic dialyzed uremic patients.
Nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drug-induced colonic strictures: a case report.
Does auxiliary heterotopic liver transplantation reverse hypersplenism and portal hypertension?
Hematologic aspects of mastocytosis: II: management of hematologic disorders in association with systemic mast cell disease.
Mononuclear phagocyte system dysfunction in murine SLE: abnormal clearance kinetics precede clinical disease.
Inhibition of platelet GPIIb/IIIa binding to fibrinogen by serum factors: studies of circulating immune complexes and platelet antibodies in patients with hemophilia, immune thrombocytopenic purpura, human immunodeficiency virus-related immune thrombocytopenic purpura, and systemic lupus erythematosus.
rHuEPO treatment improves brain and cognitive function of anemic dialysis patients.
Chromosome studies in 104 patients with polycythemia vera.
Aggressive therapeutic amniocentesis for treatment of twin-twin transfusion syndrome.
Periductal lymphocytic infiltration of salivary glands in Sjogren's syndrome with relation to clinical and immunologic findings.
Absence of interferon in sera of patients with Kawasaki syndrome.
Effect of delayed centrifugation or reading on the detection of ABO incompatibility by the immediate-spin crossmatch.
Heterogeneity of human red cell autoantibodies assessed by isoelectric focusing.
Detection of active intraabdominal arterial hemorrhage: value of dynamic contrast-enhanced CT.
Benefit of ketotifen in patients with eosinophilic gastroenteritis.
Small non-cleaved-cell lymphoma (undifferentiated lymphoma, Burkitt's type) in American adults: results with treatment designed for acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Infection in the myelodysplastic syndromes.
Use of recombinant human erythropoietin to enhance autologous blood donation in a patient with multiple red cell allo-antibodies and the anemia of chronic disease.
Spontaneous rupture of the spleen in initial presentation of Hodgkin's disease.
A randomized clinical trial of scatter photocoagulation of proliferative sickle cell retinopathy.
Systemic chemotherapy for urothelial cancer in patients with ureteric obstruction.
Effectiveness of high-dose MCNU therapy and hematopoietic stem cell autografts treatment of childhood acute leukemia/lymphoma with high-risk features.
A prospective study of magnetic resonance imaging in lymphoma staging.
Clostridial bacteremia in cancer patients. A 12-year experience.
Concordant Graves' disease after bone marrow transplantation: implications for pathogenesis.
Combined ganciclovir and recombinant human granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor in the treatment of cytomegalovirus retinitis in AIDS patients.
Antiplatelet and antithrombotic effects of platelet glycoprotein IIb/IIIa (GPIIb/IIIa) inhibition by arginine-glycine-aspartic acid-serine (RGDS) and arginine-glycine-aspartic acid (RGD) (O-me)Y (SC-46749).
Thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura related to ticlopidine
Detection of circulating candida enolase by immunoassay in patients with cancer and invasive candidiasis
Chronic diffuse interstitial lung disease: diagnostic value of chest radiography and high-resolution CT.
The two stage tracheostomy as a safe technique in instances of severe coagulopathy.
Downslope claudication in eosinophilic fasciitis: a fourth type of claudication--case presentations.
Laryngeal involvement in disseminated coccidioidomycosis.
Platelet antibodies in serum of patients with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection.
Changes in the postenteropathic form of the hemolytic uremic syndrome in children.
Echocardiographic findings in hemodialysis patients treated with recombinant human erythropoietin: proposal for a hematocrit most beneficial to hemodynamics.
Risks of agranulocytosis and aplastic anemia in relation to the use of cardiovascular drugs: The International Agranulocytosis and Aplastic Anemia Study.
A case of severe pancytopenia caused by ibuprofen.
Sudden death caused by coronary artery aneurysms: a late complication of Kawasaki disease.
Different forms of chronic childhood thrombocytopenic purpura defined by antiplatelet autoantibodies.
Prolonged survival in patients with beta-thalassemia major treated with deferoxamine.
L-tryptophan use and the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Enhanced expression of CD2 antigen on lung T cells.
Macrophage-T suppressor cell interference in the lungs of steroid-treated sarcoidosis patients.
Rehabilitation of quadriparesis secondary to spinal cord sarcoidosis.
Alloimmune neonatal neutropenia due to an antibody to the neutrophil Fc-gamma receptor III with maternal deficiency of CD16 antigen.
Hepatocellular carcinoma presenting with pyrexia and leukocytosis: report of five cases.
Transcatheter treatment of splenic artery aneurysms (SAA). Report of two cases.
Coronary artery bypass grafting in a patient with cryoglobulinemia.
Occult paravalvular leak in a clinically normal St. Jude's mitral valve presenting with life-threatening microangiopathic hemolytic anemia.
The role of von Willebrand factor and fibrinogen in platelet aggregation under varying shear stress.
Restricted heterogeneity of T lymphocytes in combined immunodeficiency with hypereosinophilia (Omenn's syndrome).
Thrombospondin-induced adhesion of human platelets.
Infection with Chlamydia pneumoniae in Brooklyn.
Severe congenital neutropenia: clinical effects and neutrophil function during treatment with granulocyte colony-stimulating factor.
Increased phagocytic activity of polymorphonuclear leukocytes of chronic granulomatous disease as determined with flow cytometric assay.
Diagnosis of thymoma in myasthenics using anti-striated muscle antibodies: predictive value and gain in diagnostic certainty.
Autosomal recessive chronic granulomatous disease caused by deletion at a dinucleotide repeat.
Chronic diarrhea in essential mixed cryoglobulinemia: a manifestation of visceral vasculitis?
Inflammatory pseudotumor of intra-abdominal lymph nodes manifesting as recurrent fever of unknown origin: a case report.
Diphenylhydantoin-induced hypogammaglobulinemia in a patient infected with human immunodeficiency virus.
Traffic of peripheral B and T lymphocytes to hyperplastic, preneoplastic thymuses of AKR mice.
HLA class II antigens and DNA restriction fragment length polymorphism in myasthenia gravis in Japan.
Continuous muscle fiber activity, peripheral neuropathy, and thymoma.
The role of the chest roentgenogram in febrile neutropenic patients.
Amphotericin B vs high-dose ketoconazole for empirical antifungal therapy among febrile, granulocytopenic cancer patients. A prospective, randomized study.
Angiofollicular lymph node hyperplasia and peripheral neuropathy. Case report and literature review.
Afibrinogenemia and hypobetalipoproteinemia in a kindred.
Crystal-storing histiocytosis and crystalline tissue deposition in multiple myeloma [published erratum appears in Arch Pathol Lab Med 1991 Aug;115(8):806]
Extrathoracic metastatic malignant thymoma. Diagnosis by aspiration cytology.
Neurologic complications of the tryptophan-associated eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Superoxide anion hyperproduction by neutrophils in a case of myelodysplastic syndrome. Association with Sweet's syndrome and interstitial pneumonia.
Development of gastric dysplasia in pernicious anaemia: a clinical and endoscopic follow up study of 80 patients.
Severe thrombocytopenia after paracetamol overdose.
Histometric studies on cellular infiltrates of tuberculin tests in patients with sarcoidosis.
Schnitzler's syndrome: a broader clinical spectrum.
Fanconi's anaemia and post-cricoid carcinoma.
BIPP induced methaemoglobinaemia.
Rib infarcts and acute chest syndrome in sickle cell diseases.
The resolution of preeclampsia-related thrombocytopenia.

