Periventricular hyperintensity detected by magnetic resonance imaging in infancy.
Mistaken diagnoses in continuous muscle fiber activity of peripheral nerve origin.
Dystrophin analysis in the differential diagnosis of autosomal recessive muscular dystrophy of childhood and Duchenne muscular dystrophy.
Echocardiographic diagnosis of a ruptured aneurysm of the sinus of Valsalva: operation without catheterisation in seven patients.
Aberrant origin of the right coronary artery as a potential cause of sudden death: successful anatomical correction.
Elastic fibre damage induced by low-dose D-penicillamine.
Biology and clinical significance of cytogenetic abnormalities in childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Abnormalities of the long arm of chromosome 6 in childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Klinefelter's syndrome with anomalous origin of left main coronary artery
Coronary artery anomalies in 126,595 patients undergoing coronary arteriography.
Acquired Lutembacher syndrome or mitral stenosis and acquired atrial septal defect after transseptal mitral valvuloplasty.
Epidural anaesthesia for labour and caesarean section in a parturient with a single ventricle and transposition of the great arteries.
Intrapericardial extralobar pulmonary sequestration in a neonate.
Barrett's esophagus in children and young adults. Frequent association with mental retardation.
Fertility after contraception or abortion.
Characteristics of cholinergic neuroeffector transmission of ganglionic and aganglionic colon in Hirschsprung's disease.
Evaluation of the magnitude of gastro-oesophageal reflux in Barrett's oesophagus.
Skin pigmentation from clofazimine therapy in leprosy patients: a reappraisal.
Absence of estrogen receptors in dysplastic nevi and malignant melanoma.
The many faces and phases of borreliosis II.
The automatic implantable cardioverter-defibrillator in young patients.
Accuracy of prospective two-dimensional/Doppler echocardiography in the assessment of reparative surgery.
Comparative roles of intraoperative epicardial and early postoperative transthoracic echocardiography in the assessment of surgical repair of congenital heart defects
Mean arterial blood pressure changes in premature infants and those at risk for intraventricular hemorrhage.
Measurement of progressive cerebral ventriculomegaly in infants after grades III and IV intraventricular hemorrhages.
Neonatal body proportionality and body composition after in utero exposure to cocaine and marijuana.
Dysmorphogenesis elicited by microinjected acetaminophen analogs and metabolites in rat embryos cultured in vitro.
Mayer-Rokitansky-Kuster-Hauser syndrome with splenosis. A case report.
Transmission of HIV-1 infections from mothers to infants in Haiti. Impact on childhood mortality and malnutrition. The CDS/JHU AIDS Project Team.
Extracorporeal membrane oxygenation for the circulatory support of children after repair of congenital heart disease.
The metabolic consequences of a "washed" cardiopulmonary bypass pump-priming fluid in children undergoing cardiac operations.
Pleuroperitoneal shunt for persistent pleural drainage after Fontan procedure.
Antenatal intervention for congenital cystic adenomatoid malformation.
The IVH complex of lesions: cerebrovascular injury in the preterm infant.
Congenital syphilis presenting in infants after the newborn period
Mutations within the rhodopsin gene in patients with autosomal dominant retinitis pigmentosa.
Expression of cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator corrects defective chloride channel regulation in cystic fibrosis airway epithelial cells
Expression and characterization of the cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator
Cloning of a gene that is rearranged in patients with choroideraemia
Magnetic resonance imaging in Mayer-Rokitansky-Kuster-Hauser syndrome.
Evaluation of a perinatal autopsy protocol: influence of the Prenatal Diagnosis Conference Team.
Minor congenital malformations in infants of insulin-dependent diabetic women: association with poor glycemic control.
"Macrosomic" twinning: a study of growth-promoted twins.
Increased cell adherence of group B streptococci from preterm infants with neonatal sepsis.
A rapid method for detection of group B streptococcal colonization: testing at the bedside.
Monozygotic twins discordant for partial trisomy 1.
TRAP sequence--successful outcome with indomethacin treatment.
Prenatal findings in Brachmann-de Lange syndrome.
Fetomaternal bleeding as a cause of recurrent fetal morbidity and mortality.
Ongoing fetomaternal hemorrhage treated by serial fetal intravascular transfusions.
The modified superior based pharyngeal flap. Part I. Surgical technique.
The modified superior based pharyngeal flap technique. Part II. An anatomic study.
The modified superior based pharyngeal flap. Part III. A retrospective study.
A dentofacial deformity associated with incontinentia pigmenti: report of a case.
Initial evaluation of heart murmurs: are laboratory tests necessary?
Open lung biopsy in the critically ill newborn.
Single- versus multiple-dose surfactant replacement therapy in neonates of 30 to 36 weeks' gestation with respiratory distress syndrome.
Geometrical planning for the correction of orbital hypertelorism.
The cloacal malformation: radiologic findings and imaging recommendations.
Intrauterine growth retardation: diagnosis based on multiple parameters--a prospective study.
Chromosomal region of the cystic fibrosis gene in yeast artificial chromosomes: a model for human genome mapping.
Sex reversal syndrome (XX male).
Therapeutic cardiac catheterization in children
Analysis of programmed stimulation methods in the evaluation of ventricular arrhythmias in patients 20 years old and younger.
Cystic fibrosis mutations in North American populations of French ancestry: analysis of Quebec French-Canadian and Louisiana Acadian families.
Benign missense variations in the cystic fibrosis gene.
Linkage relationship of X-linked juvenile retinoschisis with Xp22.1-p22.3 probes.
Deletions in patients with classical choroideremia vary in size from 45 kb to several megabases.
Definitive localization of X-linked Kallman syndrome (hypogonadotropic hypogonadism and anosmia) to Xp22.3: close linkage to the hypervariable repeat sequence CRI-S232 [published erratum appears in Am J Hum Genet 1990 Nov;47(5):883]
Splicing defect at the ornithine aminotransferase (OAT) locus in gyrate atrophy.
The association of intrapartum asphyxia in the mature fetus with newborn behavior.
Ultrasonographic detection of the second-trimester fetus with trisomy 18 and trisomy 21.
Placental histology in fetuses between 18 and 23 weeks' gestation with abnormal karyotype.
Hypoxic acidemia, hyperviscosity, and maternal hypertension do not affect the umbilical arterial velocity waveform in fetal sheep.
Anterior fontanel pressure and visual evoked potentials in neonates and infants undergoing profound hypothermic circulatory arrest.
Hormonal-metabolic stress responses in neonates undergoing cardiac surgery.
A forme fruste of Marfan's syndrome: case history.
A five-year U.S. Army experience with 36,250 abdominal hernia repairs.
Natural and modified history of complete atrioventricular septal defect--a 17 year study.
Surgical therapy in Barrett's esophagus.
Cor triatriatum: clinical presentation and surgical results in 12 patients.
Value of transesophageal echocardiography during repair of congenital heart defects.
Congenital myopathy and cardiomyopathy with identical ultrastructural changes.
Doppler echocardiographic evaluation of pulmonary artery flow after modified Fontan operation: importance of atrial contraction.
Randomized comparison of routine vs highly selective use of Doppler ultrasound and biophysical scoring to investigate high risk pregnancies
Possible involvement of the retinoblastoma gene in undifferentiated sinonasal carcinoma.
Coronary angioplasty of anomalous coronary arteries: notes on technical aspects.
Baffle fenestration with subsequent transcatheter closure. Modification of the Fontan operation for patients at increased risk
Late potentials and inducible ventricular tachycardia in surgically repaired congenital heart disease.
William Glenn lecture. The cavopulmonary shunt. Evolution of a concept.
Coronary artery pattern and outcome of arterial switch operation for transposition of the great arteries.
Longitudinal results after first-stage palliation for hypoplastic left heart syndrome.
Right ventricular growth after transventricular pulmonary valvotomy and central aortopulmonary shunt for pulmonary atresia and intact ventricular septum.
Fontan operation in 176 patients with tricuspid atresia. Results and a proposed new index for patient selection.
Bidirectional cavopulmonary anastomosis as interim palliation for high-risk Fontan candidates. Early results.
Morphological findings contributing to a failed Fontan procedure. Twelve-year experience.
Atrial cardiomyoplasty after Fontan-type procedures.
Perioperative arrhythmias after Fontan repair.
Partial anomalous pulmonary venous return.
Hypoplastic left heart syndrome. Outcome after initial reconstruction and before modified Fontan procedure.
Clinical approach to prenatal detection of human structural defects.
Teratogenically induced fetal anomalies.
Aberrant morphogenesis of the central nervous system.
Congenital heart defects in malformation syndromes.
Fetal abdominal abnormalities associated with genetic syndromes.
Use of a palatal stabilizing device in prevention of palatal grooves in premature infants.
Quality of well-being before and after antibiotic treatment of pulmonary exacerbation in patients with cystic fibrosis.
Diagnosis of tracheal injury in mechanically ventilated premature infants by flexible bronchoscopy. A pilot study.
Gene mapping and other tools for discovery.
Deletion of chromosome 4: 46,XY, del(4) (q31.3) after gamete intrafallopian transfer and in vitro fertilization-embryo transfer.
Ptychotropism as a cutaneous feature of the CHILD syndrome.
Comparative value of transthoracic and transesophageal echocardiography in the assessment of congenital abnormalities of the atrioventricular junction.
Supraventricular tachycardia due to Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome in children: early disappearance and late recurrence
Ventricular arrhythmias after correction of ventricular septal defects: importance of surgical approach.
Cardiac teratogenesis of trichloroethylene and dichloroethylene in a mammalian model.
Intracardiac shunting in children with ventricular septal defect: evaluation with Doppler color flow mapping
Results of the arterial switch operation in patients with transposition of the great arteries and abnormalities of the mitral valve or left ventricular outflow tract.
Is banding of the pulmonary trunk obsolete for infants with tricuspid atresia and double inlet ventricle with a discordant ventriculoarterial connection? Role of aortic arch obstruction and subaortic stenosis
Lipid peroxidation and expression of copper-zinc and manganese superoxide dismutase in lungs of premature infants with hyaline membrane disease and bronchopulmonary dysplasia.
Serum immunoglobulins E and G anti-Aspergillus fumigatus antibody in patients with cystic fibrosis who have allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis.
Cardiac pathology in 470 consecutive forensic autopsies.
A distinctive triad of malformations of the central nervous system in the Meckel-Gruber syndrome.
Current urinary mass screening for catecholamine metabolites at 6 months of age may be detecting only a small portion of high-risk neuroblastomas: a chromosome and N-myc amplification study.
Prenatal screening: when and for whom?
Speech, velopharyngeal function, and hearing before and after orthognathic surgery.
Clinicopathologic review of twelve children with nephropathy, Wilms tumor, and genital abnormalities (Drash syndrome).
Prolonged indomethacin therapy for the prevention of recurrences of patent ductus arteriosus.
Early ribavirin treatment of respiratory syncytial viral infection in high-risk children.
Effects of cisapride in patients with cystic fibrosis and distal intestinal obstruction syndrome.
Nonrandom chromosomal abnormalities in primary uveal melanoma.
Enveloping the bladder with displacement of flap of the rectus abdominis muscle for the treatment of neurogenic bladder.
The value of leak pressure and bladder compliance in the urodynamic evaluation of meningomyelocele patients.
Adenocarcinoma arising in Barrett's esophagus.
Thirty-year follow-up of superior vena cava-pulmonary artery (Glenn) shunts.
Options for surgical repair in hearts with univentricular atrioventricular connection and subaortic stenosis.
Person-to-person transmission of Pseudomonas cepacia between patients with cystic fibrosis.
Child abuse of one of a pair of twins in Japan.
Concurrence of malignant hyperthermia and congenital abnormalities.
The relation between genotype and phenotype in cystic fibrosis--analysis of the most common mutation (delta F508).
Analysis of a human DNA excision repair gene involved in group A xeroderma pigmentosum and containing a zinc-finger domain
Early amniocentesis: report of 407 cases with neonatal follow-up.
Calculated risk of chromosomal abnormalities in twin gestations.
Elevated maternal serum alpha-fetoprotein and amniotic fluid alpha-fetoprotein after multifetal pregnancy reduction.
Effect of maternal smoking and age on congenital anomalies.
Aggressive or expectant management for patients with severe preeclampsia between 28-34 weeks' gestation: a randomized controlled trial.
The association between oligohydramnios and intrauterine growth retardation.
Macular dystrophy of the cornea. A systemic disorder of keratan sulfate metabolism.
Impact of intrauterine growth retardation and body proportionality on fetal and neonatal outcome.
Development and validation of an index for scoring baseline respiratory disease in the very low birth weight neonate. Severity Index Development and Validation Panels and Newborn Lung Project.
Surfactant replacement therapy with a single postventilatory dose of a reconstituted bovine surfactant in preterm neonates with respiratory distress syndrome: final analysis of a multicenter, double-blind, randomized trial and comparison with similar trials. The Surfactant-TA Study Group.
Identification of mutations in regions corresponding to the two putative nucleotide (ATP)-binding folds of the cystic fibrosis gene.
Streamlined approach to creating yeast artificial chromosome libraries from specialized cell sources.
In vitro colony culture and chromosomal studies in hepatic and portal vein thrombosis--possible evidence of an occult myeloproliferative state.
Congenital craniofacial anomalies of ophthalmic importance.
Balloon angioplasty of stenosed Blalock-Taussig anastomosis: role of balloon-on-a-wire in dilating occluded shunts.
Comparison of DNA and karyotype aneuploidy in malignant lymphomas.
Adenocarcinoma arising in Barrett's esophagus after total gastrectomy
Maternal serum alpha-fetoprotein screening activities of state health agencies: a survey
Localization of the microsatellite probe DXS426 between DXS7 and DXS255 on Xp and linkage to X-linked retinitis pigmentosa.
Autosomal dominant retinitis pigmentosa: absence of the rhodopsin proline----histidine substitution (codon 23) in pedigrees from Europe.
Sudden death in young competitive athletes: clinicopathologic correlations in 22 cases.
Direct analysis of uncultured cytotrophoblastic cells from second- and third-trimester placentas: an accurate and rapid method for detection of fetal chromosome abnormalities.
The associated anomalies that determine prognosis in congenital omphaloceles.
Ocular pathologic features of arteriohepatic dysplasia (Alagille's syndrome).
Cholesterol localization in ultrathin frozen sections in Schnyder's corneal crystalline dystrophy.
Epidurography in premature infants.
Functional residual capacity in anesthetized children: normal values and values in children with cardiac anomalies.
The role of mucous glycoproteins in the rheologic properties of cystic fibrosis sputum.
Ischaemic brain lesions diagnosed at birth in preterm infants: clinical events and developmental outcome.
Prediction of acute renal failure after birth asphyxia.
Area of lateral ventricles measured on cranial ultrasonography in preterm infants: association with outcome.
Spontaneous resolution of bone mineral depletion in preterm infants.
Peak inspiratory pressure requirements in infants born weighing less than 750 g.
Outcome after acute osteomyelitis in preterm infants.
Gut blood flow velocities in the newborn: effects of patent ductus arteriosus and parenteral indomethacin
Prognostic determinants in extracorporeal membrane oxygenation for respiratory failure in newborns.
Correction of truncus arteriosus with truncal valvar stenosis or insufficiency using two homografts.
Unusual opening of coronary sinus in atrioventricular septal defects.
Combined repair of transposed great arteries and total anomalous pulmonary venous connection.
Norwood operation for univentricular heart with subaortic stenosis in the neonate.
Cardiac transplantation for hypoplastic left heart syndrome: a modified technique [see comment]
Osmiophilic deposits in cytosomes in Hallervorden-Spatz syndrome.
Maternal genomic neutrophil FcRIII deficiency leading to neonatal isoimmune neutropenia.
Atenolol in essential hypertension during pregnancy
Choroid plexus cysts and chromosomal defects
Children with special needs in England and Wales: the care of hearing impairment, myelomeningocele, and adolescent pregnancy.
Children with special needs in The Netherlands: impaired hearing, adolescent pregnancy, and myelomeningocele.
Calvarial sutural abnormalities: metopic synostosis and coronal deformation--an anatomic, three-dimensional radiographic, and pathologic study.
Persistent right umbilical vein: an ominous prenatal finding?
Parenchymal and vascular magnetic resonance imaging of the brain after extracorporeal membrane oxygenation.
Ultrasonic forms of posterior staphyloma.
Intraoperative transesophageal versus epicardial ultrasound in surgery for congenital heart disease.
Surgical resection of cor triatriatum in a 74-year-old man. Review of echocardiographic findings with emphasis on Doppler and transesophageal echocardiography.
Tetralogy of Fallot with anomalous pulmonary venous connections: a rare but clinically important association.
Aortic atresia: survival to adulthood without surgery.
Hereditary cerebral haemorrhage with amyloidosis--Dutch type. Magnetic resonance imaging findings in 7 cases.
Acetabular dysplasia in the adolescent and young adult.
Magnetic resonance imaging evaluation of congenital dislocation of the hips.
Topographic comparative study of magnetic resonance imaging and electroencephalography in 34 children with tuberous sclerosis.
Results of a 25-year screening programme for neonatal hip instability.
Improved outcome at 28 days of age for very low birth weight infants treated with a single dose of a synthetic surfactant
Enhanced hepatic drug clearance in patients with cystic fibrosis.
Hypoplastic transverse arch and coarctation in neonates. Surgical reconstruction of the aortic arch: a study of sixty-six patients.
Internuclear ophthalmoplegia in the Chiari type II malformation.
Respiratory muscle function in cystic fibrosis.
Tolerance and dependence in neonates sedated with fentanyl during extracorporeal membrane oxygenation.
Capillary haemangioma presenting as a lung pseudocyst.
Benign intracranial hypertension after ciprofloxacin administration.
Effects of newborn screening of cystic fibrosis on reported maternal behaviour.
Air leaks and vasopressin release.
Can prepregnancy care of diabetic women reduce the risk of abnormal babies?
Treatment of infants with neurogenic bladder dysfunction using anticholinergic drugs and intermittent catheterisation.
Vasa aplasia and cystic fibrosis.
True hermaphrodite with bilateral ovotestes, bilateral gonadoblastomas and dysgerminomas, 46,XX/46,XY karyotype, and a successful pregnancy.
Childhood pulmonary function following hyaline membrane disease.
IgG subclasses in the serum and skin in subacute cutaneous lupus erythematosus and neonatal lupus erythematosus.
Pregnancy outcome after inadvertent ivermectin treatment during community-based distribution.
Diagnosis and management of infantile marfan syndrome.
Neonatal ethics: development of a consultative group.
Congenital abnormalities of the lymphatic system: a new clinical classification.
Recombinant human DNase I reduces the viscosity of cystic fibrosis sputum.
Cardiovascular anomalies associated with prenatal exposure to theophylline.
Coronary arteries in truncus arteriosus.
Intestinal metaplasia is age related in Barrett's esophagus.
Development of a new transvenous patent ductus arteriosus occlusion technique using a shape memory polymer.
A total artificial heart for neonates allowing bridging to transplantation.
Maximum blood flow rates for arterial cannulae used in neonatal ECMO.
Changes in circulating alphafetoprotein following administration of mifepristone in first trimester pregnancy.
Alpha 1-acid glycoprotein and the binding of lidocaine in children with congenital heart disease.
Esophageal adenocarcinoma in a patient with surgically treated achalasia.
Osteoarthrosis and congenital dysplasia of the hip in family members of children who have congenital dysplasia of the hip [published erratum appears in J Bone Joint Surg [Am] 1991 Feb;73(2):293]
Failure of acetabular autogenous grafts in total hip arthroplasty. Increasing incidence: a follow-up note.
The core polypeptide of cystic fibrosis tracheal mucin contains a tandem repeat structure. Evidence for a common mucin in airway and gastrointestinal tissue.
Ocular melanoma in families with dysplastic nevus syndrome.
Assessment of ventricular septal defect closure by intraoperative epicardial ultrasound.
Prevalence of additional cardiovascular anomalies in patients referred for transcatheter closure of patent ductus arteriosus.
Intraoperative echocardiography in infants and children with congenital cardiac shunt lesions: transesophageal versus epicardial echocardiography.
Increased birth prevalence of cardiac defects in Yuma, Arizona
Ischiopagus tetrapus twins: urological aspects of separation and 10-year followup.
Neonatal screening and staggered early treatment for congenital dislocation or dysplasia of the hip.
Controlled trial of immediate splinting versus ultrasonographic surveillance in congenitally dislocatable hips.
Third-trimester fetal death in triplet pregnancies.
Patient experience in a diabetic program project improves subsequent pregnancy outcome.
Split-thickness skin grafting of the myelomeningocele defect: a subset at risk for late ulceration.
Craniofacial anomalies in twins.
Structural genitourinary defects detected in utero.
Valve and great vessel stenosis: assessment with MR jet velocity mapping.
Body composition in myelomeningocele.
The effect of maternal hyperoxia on behavioral activity in growth-retarded human fetuses.
Correlation of the testicular determinant factor sequence zinc finger Y with varying gonadal phenotypes in a series of 13 subjects with gonadal dysgenesis due to Y aneuploidy.
Color matching and foveal densitometry in patients and carriers of an X-linked progressive cone dystrophy.
Euthyroid low thyroxine (T4) and triiodothyronine (T3) states in prematures and sick neonates.
Disorders of calcium and phosphorus homeostasis.
Combined anterior and posterior fusion for spinal deformity in myelomeningocele.
Gastric duplication cyst communicating with the pancreatic duct: a rare cause of recurrent abdominal pain.
Evaluation and management of supraventricular tachycardia in children.
Omeprazole enhances the efficacy of pancreatin (pancrease) in cystic fibrosis.
Impact of maternal HIV infection on obstetrical and early neonatal outcome.
Ultrasound in the diagnosis of congenital dysplasia and dislocation of the hip joints in children older than two years.
Pulmonary atresia with ventricular septal defect. Selection of patients for systemic-to-pulmonary artery shunt based on echocardiography.
Minute squamous cell carcinoma arising in the wall of a congenital lung cyst.
Di George anomaly with atrioventricular canal.
A denaturated venous homograft as an alternative material for shunts and other reconstructions in congenital cardiac surgery.
Anomalous origin of the left coronary artery from the pulmonary artery. Surgical alternatives depending of the age of the patient.
Delayed central nervous system myelination in the sudden infant death syndrome.
Helping a child to understand her own testicular feminisation
Possible platelet contribution to pathogenesis of transient neonatal hyperammonaemia syndrome.
Neonatal subependymal giant cell astrocytoma associated with tuberous sclerosis: MRI, CT, and ultrasound correlation.
A ten-year review of neonatal sepsis and comparison with the previous fifty-year experience.
Characterization of a splicing mutation in group A xeroderma pigmentosum.
Vitamin E supplementation and periventricular hemorrhage in the newborn.
Surfactant replacement therapy in respiratory distress syndrome. Meta-analysis of clinical trials of single-dose surfactant extracts.
Neural arch stenosis and spinal cord injury in thanatophoric dysplasia.
Differences in expression of cystic fibrosis in blacks and whites.
Mothers' postcounseling beliefs about the causes of their children's genetic disorders.
Chromosome 15 uniparental disomy is not frequent in Angelman syndrome.
A 3-bp deletion in the rhodopsin gene in a family with autosomal dominant retinitis pigmentosa.
Waardenburg syndrome (WS): the analysis of a single family with a WS1 mutation showing linkage to RFLP markers on human chromosome 2q.
17 alpha-hydroxylase deficiency masquerading as primary hyperaldosteronism.
Ocular clinicopathologic study of gyrate atrophy.
Congenital tracheal stenosis with unilateral pulmonary agenesis.
Arterial switch procedure in an adult.
Staged repair of pulmonary atresia with ventricular septal defect and major systemic to pulmonary artery collaterals
Right pulmonary artery obstruction after pulmonary artery banding.
Renal angiomyolipoma: report of 24 cases.
Yield from total skin examination and effectiveness of skin cancer awareness program. Findings in 874 new dermatology patients.
Pregnancy outcome in hematologic malignancies.
Abnormal fucosylation of ileal mucus in cystic fibrosis: I. A histochemical study using peroxidase labelled lectins.
Abnormal fucosylation of-ileal mucus in cystic fibrosis: II. A histochemical study using monoclonal antibodies to fucosyl oligosaccharides.
Ileal duplication cyst causing massive bleeding in a child.
Quelprud's nodule: a post-auricular cartilaginous nodule.
Uses and complications of uvulopalatopharyngoplasty.
Long-term follow-up in isolated ventricular septal defect considered too small to warrant operation.
Cardiovascular abnormalities in infants prenatally exposed to cocaine.
Long-term follow-up comparing subclavian flap angioplasty to resection with modified oblique end-to-end anastomosis
Neonatal repair of tetralogy of Fallot with and without pulmonary atresia.
Atrioventricular septal defects. Analysis of short- and medium-term results.
Genetic disease detection and DNA amplification using cloned thermostable ligase.
Perinatal transmission of human papillomavirus.
Hemodynamic effects of ketamine, hypoxia and hyperoxia in children with surgically treated congenital heart disease residing greater than or equal to 1,200 meters above sea level.
Antiepileptic medication in pregnancy: late effects on the children's central nervous system development.
Successful antepartum treatment of listeriosis.
Double-blind comparison of oral transmucosal fentanyl citrate with oral meperidine, diazepam, and atropine as preanesthetic medication in children with congenital heart disease.
Expression of the genes for insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I), IGF-II, and IGF-binding proteins-1 and -2 in fetal rat under conditions of intrauterine growth retardation caused by maternal fasting.
Edwards' syndrome after the replacement of cryopreserved-thawed embryos.
Control of the sperm-oocyte switch in Caenorhabditis elegans hermaphrodites by the fem-3 3' untranslated region.
Premature rupture of the membranes and sepsis in preterm neonates.
Infection in utero: US findings in 19 cases.
Etiologic, clinical, and pathologic analysis of 31 fatal cases of acute respiratory tract infection in Argentinian children under 5 years of age.
Usefulness of color-flow Doppler in diagnosing and in differentiating supracristal ventricular septal defect from right ventricular outflow tract obstruction.
High-grade dysplasia in the columnar-lined esophagus.
Microbiological studies of the enterocolitis of Hirschsprung's disease.
Psychological characteristics of children with Shwachman syndrome.
Autosomal dominant sectoral retinitis pigmentosa. Two families with transversion mutation in codon 23 of rhodopsin.
Ocular findings in patients with autosomal dominant retinitis pigmentosa and a rhodopsin gene defect (Pro-23-His).
Anomalous subaortic position of the brachiocephalic vein (innominate vein): an echocardiographic study.
Chromosomal abnormalities in myelodysplastic syndromes and acute myeloid leukemia.
Myeloproliferative disorders. Classification and diagnostic features with special emphasis on chronic myelogenous leukemia and agnogenic myeloid metaplasia.
Increased epidermal growth factor receptors in seborrheic keratoses and acrochordons of patients with the dysplastic nevus syndrome.
GB3 monoclonal antibody for the diagnosis of junctional epidermolysis bullosa: results of a multicenter study.
Host genetic influences on fetal susceptibility to murine cytomegalovirus after maternal or fetal infection.
Accessory arm--dysraphism or disparity? Case report.
Polyorchidism: case report and review of literature.
Mortality in hereditary antithrombin-III deficiency--1830 to 1989
The relationship between maternal hematocrit and pregnancy outcome
Vision despite tomographic absence of the occipital cortex.
Nitrogen deposition in malnourished children with cystic fibrosis.
"Woven" right coronary artery: case report and therapeutic implications.
Preconception care of diabetes. Glycemic control prevents congenital anomalies.
Occlusion of umbilical artery in acardiac, acephalic twin.
Viral pneumonia in the first month of life.
Cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator: nucleotide binding to a synthetic peptide.
Tuberous sclerosis.
A dimorphic 4-bp repeat in the cystic fibrosis gene is in absolute linkage disequilibrium with the delta F508 mutation: implications for prenatal diagnosis and mutation origin.
Two frameshift mutations in the cystic fibrosis gene.
Closure of the ductus arteriosus with indomethacin in ventilated neonates with respiratory distress syndrome. Effects of pulmonary compliance and ventilation.
Video viewing as an alternative to sedation for young subjects who have cardiac ultrasound examinations.
Evaluation of pulmonary arterial pressure by Doppler colour flow mapping in patients with a ductus arteriosus.
Early diastolic clicks after the Fontan procedure for double inlet left ventricle: anatomical and physiological correlates.
Cor triatriatum dexter: antemortem diagnosis in an adult by cross sectional echocardiography.
Polyhydramnios and associated maternal and fetal complications in singleton pregnancies.
Lectin binding sites in normal, scarred, and lattice dystrophy corneas.
Prospective follow-up for malignant melanoma in patients with atypical-mole (dysplastic-nevus) syndrome.
Sensitization to aztreonam and cross-reactivity with other beta-lactam antibiotics in high-risk patients with cystic fibrosis.
Biotin deficiency per se is teratogenic in mice.
Requirement for the replication protein SSB in human DNA excision repair.
Delayed-onset dystonia due to perinatal or early childhood asphyxia.
Detection of tuberous sclerosis in parents by magnetic resonance imaging.
Validation of the 1988 ACOG forceps classification system.
Brain growth among fetuses exposed to cocaine in utero: asymmetrical growth retardation.
Fetal renal artery velocity waveforms and amniotic fluid volume in growth-retarded and post-term fetuses.
Diverse maternal and fetal pathology associated with absent diastolic flow in the umbilical artery of high-risk fetuses.
A cytogenetic study of spontaneous abortions with direct analysis of chorionic villi.
Enlarged cisterna magna and the Dandy-Walker malformation: factors associated with chromosome abnormalities.
First- and second-trimester diagnosis of fetal ocular defects and associated anomalies: report of eight cases.
Scoliosis in trisomy 18.
Lung function 8-18 years after intermittent positive pressure ventilation for hyaline membrane disease.
Life threatening haemoptysis in cystic fibrosis: an alternative therapeutic approach [published erratum appears in Thorax 1991 Apr;46(4):274]
Postterm infants: too big or too small?
Neonatal complications at term as related to the degree of umbilical artery acidemia.
Unilateral diffuse pulmonary artery involvement in Takayasu's arteritis associated with coronary-pulmonary artery fistula and bronchial-pulmonary artery fistula: a case report.
Adenocarcinoma in Barrett's esophagus. A clinicopathologic study of 65 cases.
Outcome of pregnancy in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus. A prospective study.
Visual evoked potentials and visual prognosis following perinatal asphyxia.
Hereditary internal anal sphincter myopathy causing proctalgia fugax and constipation. A newly identified condition.
Cerebral blood flow, cross-brain oxygen extraction, and fontanelle pressure after hypoxic-ischemic injury in newborn infants.
Biphasic reduction and concanavalin A binding properties of serum alpha-fetoprotein in preterm and term infants.
Decreased mortality rate among small premature infants treated at birth with a single dose of synthetic surfactant: a multicenter controlled trial. American Exosurf Pediatric Study Group 1.
Cesarean section before the onset of labor and subsequent motor function in infants with meningomyelocele diagnosed antenatally
Enamel pitting: a common symptom of tuberous sclerosis.
Retinopathy of prematurity in infants with cyanotic congenital heart disease.
Diagnosis of Lyme disease based on dermatologic manifestations.
Malignant fibrous histiocytoma of the conjunctiva.
Percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty of anomalous right coronary artery.
Clinical management issues in males with sex chromosomal mosaicism and discordant phenotype/sex chromosomal patterns.
Prenatal genetic counseling.
Prenatal diagnosis of cystic fibrosis.
Chromosomal mosaicism in chorionic villus sampling.
Fetal echocardiography: assessment of cardiovascular anatomy and function.
Lung beta-adrenoceptors in pulmonary hypertension. A study of biopsy specimens in children with congenital heart disease.
Changes in left ventricular diastolic filling patterns by Doppler echocardiography in cystic fibrosis.
Coronary artery fistula formation secondary to permanent pacemaker placement.
Single nucleotide primer extension to detect genetic diseases: experimental application to hemophilia B (factor IX) and cystic fibrosis genes.
Efficacy of fludarabine, a new adenine nucleoside analogue, in patients with prolymphocytic leukemia and the prolymphocytoid variant of chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
Neonatal screening for cystic fibrosis in Wales and the West Midlands: clinical assessment after five years of screening.
Controversies in the management of gastroschisis: a study of 40 patients.
Endotracheal resuscitation of neonates using a rebreathing bag.
Association of pneumothorax and hypotension with intraventricular haemorrhage.
Increased incidence of respiratory distress syndrome in babies of hypertensive mothers.
Prolonged low dose indomethacin for persistent ductus arteriosus of prematurity.
Doppler assessment of pulmonary artery pressure and extrapulmonary shunting in the acute phase of hyaline membrane disease.
Pelvic support osteotomy in an unusual congenital dislocation of the hip. A 52-year follow-up study.
Chromosomes in childhood acute lymphoblastic leukaemia: karyotypic patterns in disease subtypes.
Chemical dependency in women: a description of its effects and outcome on adequate parenting.
Patients with lower motor spinal cord lesion: a decrease of vasoactive intestinal polypeptide, calcitonin gene-related peptide and substance P, but not neuropeptide Y and somatostatin-immunoreactive nerves in the detrusor muscle of the bladder.
Scalp necrosis in a neonate treated with cultured autologous keratinocytes.
Bronchopulmonary and neurenteric forms of foregut anomalies. Imaging for diagnosis and management.
Magnetic resonance imaging of congenital heart disease in the pediatric patient.
Radiographic manifestations of congenital heart disease in the adult patient.
Radiographic manifestations of anomalies of the limbs.
A mutation in the second nucleotide binding fold of the cystic fibrosis gene.
Epidermolysis bullosa simplex (Koebner) is a keratin disorder. Ultrastructural and immunohistochemical study.
Epidermolysis bullosa acquisita and associated symptomatic esophageal webs.
Acquired epidermolysis bullosa with the clinical feature of Brunsting-Perry cicatricial bullous pemphigoid.
Progress of patients with pulmonary atresia after systemic to pulmonary arterial shunts.
Autogenous atrial tunnel for direct cavopulmonary connection in infants and small children.
Ratio of immunochemically determined amniotic fluid acetylcholinesterase to butyrylcholinesterase in the differential diagnosis of fetal abnormalities.
Neonatal small bowel atresia, stenosis and segmental dilatation.
A mutation in the DNA-binding domain of the androgen receptor gene causes complete testicular feminization in a patient with receptor-positive androgen resistance.
Xeroderma pigmentosum lesions related to ultraviolet transmittance by clothes.
Morphologic comparison of patients with mitral valve prolapse who died suddenly with patients who died from severe valvular dysfunction or other conditions.
Tricuspid atresia or severe stenosis with partial common atrioventricular canal: anatomic data, clinical profile and surgical considerations.
Aortico-left ventricular tunnel: long-term outcome after surgical repair.
Neuronal ceroid-lipofuscinosis: preferential metabolic alterations in thalamus and posterior association cortex demonstrated by PET.
Prune belly syndrome in females: a triad of abdominal musculature deficiency and anomalies of the urinary and genital systems.
Changes in cardiac function during extracorporeal membrane oxygenation for persistent pulmonary hypertension in the newborn infant.
Critical aortic stenosis in early infancy. Anatomic and echocardiographic substrates of successful open valvotomy.
Maternal age and birth defects: a population study.
Severity of cystic fibrosis in patients homozygous and heterozygous for delta F508 mutation.
A comparison of surfactant as immediate prophylaxis and as rescue therapy in newborns of less than 30 weeks' gestation
Activation of chloride channels in normal and cystic fibrosis airway epithelial cells by multifunctional calcium/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase.
Spatially localized magnetic resonance spectroscopy of the brains of normal and asphyxiated newborns.
Neuropsychological outcome of pediatric liver transplantation.
Bovine surfactant replacement therapy in neonates of less than 30 weeks' gestation: a randomized controlled trial of prophylaxis versus treatment.
Congenital orthopedic anomalies and their impact on the family.
Pediatric cardiac surgery guided by echocardiography. Established indications and new trends.
Benign cystic teratoma manifested as an umbilical hernia.
The management of retinal detachments associated with choroidal colobomas by vitreous surgery.
In vitro activity of tosufloxacin, a new quinolone, against respiratory pathogens derived from cystic fibrosis sputum.
A new syndrome of congenital hypoparathyroidism, severe growth failure, and dysmorphic features.
Handwashing and cohorting in prevention of hospital acquired infections with respiratory syncytial virus.
45,X/46,X dic (Y) mosaicism in a phenotypic male.
Heterotopic supradiaphragmatic liver formation in association with congenital cardiac anomalies.
Results of N-methyl-D-aspartate antagonists in perinatal cerebral asphyxia therapy.
Prognostic significance of multimodality evoked response testing in high-risk newborns.
Clinical analyses and short-term prognoses of neonates with subependymal cysts.
Monoclonal nature of transient abnormal myelopoiesis in Down's syndrome.
Cytogenetic studies in untreated Hodgkin's disease.
The effects of 13-cis-retinoic acid and beta-carotene on cellular immunity in humans.
CD34 antigen expression in children with Philadelphia chromosome-positive acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Sunlight and dysplastic nevus risk. Results of a clinic-based case-control study.
Limb-body wall complex with complete absence of external genitalia after in vitro fertilization.
Growth disturbance of the proximal part of the femur after treatment for congenital dislocation of the hip.
Optimal wound closure after tethered cord correction. Technical note.
Chromosome studies in 104 patients with polycythemia vera.
Prenatal diagnosis in diabetic gravidas: utility of ultrasound and maternal serum alpha-fetoprotein screening.
Magnetic resonance imaging of fetuses with intracranial defects.
Endocrine pancreatic function in growth-retarded fetuses.
A review of the literature on cocaine abuse in pregnancy.
Serial neurobehavioral assessments in preterm infants.
Fleischner lecture. Developmental abnormalities in the systemic blood supply to the lungs.
Ventriculitis in newborns with myelomeningocele.
Esophageal motility in children with Hirschsprung's disease.
Mild fetal lateral cerebral ventriculomegaly: clinical course and outcome.
Caffeine consumption during pregnancy and fetal growth.
Is primary repair of gastroschisis and omphalocele always the best operation?
Lattice corneal dystrophy type IIIA. Clinical and histopathologic correlations.
Transesophageal echocardiography in pediatric patients: preliminary results.
When is echocardiography unreliable in patients undergoing catheterization for pediatric cardiovascular disease?
Prevalence of common and dysplastic naevi in a Swedish population.
Fetal choroid plexus cysts: a prospective study and review of the literature.
Detrusor hyper-reflexia as a factor in spontaneous perforation of augmentation cystoplasty for neuropathic bladder.
A T-cell neoplasia showing clinicopathologic features of malignant histiocytosis with novel chromosomal abnormalities and N-ras mutation.
Cystic fibrosis, vasoactive intestinal polypeptide, and active cutaneous vasodilation.
Neonatal hip stability and the Barlow test. A study in stillborn babies.
Chiari pelvic osteotomy for osteoarthritis secondary to hip dysplasia. Indications and long-term results.
Use of activated charcoal to reduce elevated serum phenobarbital concentration in a neonate.
Gonadal differentiation: a review of the physiological process and influencing factors based on recent experimental evidence.
Radiology of esophagitis: a pattern approach.
Linear areas of echogenicity in the thalami and basal ganglia of neonates: an expanded association. Work in progress.
Cystic fibrosis: MR imaging of the pancreas.
Analysis of survival in patients with pulmonic valve atresia and ventricular septal defect.
Pulmonary artery morphology and hemodynamics in pulmonic valve atresia with ventricular septal defect before and after repair.
Familial, obstetric, and other clinical correlates of minor physical anomalies in schizophrenia.
Unusual posterior retinal holes associated with high myopia in XYY syndrome.
Surgical management of tracheal stenosis in an infant with multiple congenital anomalies: when is baby inoperable?
Pediatric sinusitis. The role of endoscopic sinus surgery in cystic fibrosis and other forms of sinonasal disease.
Hypoplastic left heart syndrome: hemodynamic and angiographic assessment after initial reconstructive surgery and relevance to modified Fontan procedure
Transesophageal echocardiography in evaluation and management after a Fontan procedure.
Pathologic spectrum of malformations of the tricuspid valve in prenatal and neonatal life.
Cocaine babies: the scourge of the '90s.
Randomized, placebo-controlled trial of human surfactant given at birth versus rescue administration in very low birth weight infants with lung immaturity
Effects of two rescue doses of a synthetic surfactant on mortality rate and survival without bronchopulmonary dysplasia in 700- to 1350-gram infants with respiratory distress syndrome. The American Exosurf Neonatal Study Group I
Indomethacin-induced changes in renal blood flow velocity waveform in premature infants investigated with color Doppler imaging.
Sonographic measurements with umbilical and uterine artery Doppler analysis in suspected intrauterine growth retardation.
Continuous extracorporeal fluid removal in children with low cardiac output after cardiac operations.
Heart and lung transplantation for terminal cystic fibrosis. A 4 1/2-year experience.
Noninvasive diagnosis of right-sided extracardiac conduit obstruction by combined magnetic resonance imaging and continuous-wave Doppler echocardiography.
Long-term results after cavopulmonary anastomosis.
Management of the chest-wall deformity in male patients with Poland's syndrome.
Cosmetic treatment of shagreen patches in selected patients with tuberous sclerosis.
Effect of high-frequency ventilation on the development of alveolar edema in premature monkeys at risk for hyaline membrane disease.
The fetus as a patient. Surgical considerations.
Surgical prophylaxis of malignant melanoma.
Growth factor requirements of childhood acute T-lymphoblastic leukemia: correlation between presence of chromosomal abnormalities and ability to grow permanently in vitro.
Treatment of congenital coronary arteriovenous malformations with micro-particle embolization.
Determination of the anatomical size of ventricular septal defects on the basis of hemodynamic data and noninvasive assessment of pulmonary to systemic vascular resistance ratio Rp/Rs by Doppler-echocardiography.
Infections of the clavicle in children.
Magnetic resonance imaging in acetabular residual dysplasia.
Neonatology in the 1990's: surfactant replacement therapy becomes a reality.
Delivery outcome after infertility--a registry study.
Embryo reduction in multifetal pregnancies after infertility therapy: obstetrical risks and perinatal benefits are related to operative strategy.
Leakage of macromolecules in ventilated and unventilated segments of preterm lamb lungs.
Familial autosomal recessive rigid spine syndrome with neurogenic facio-scapulo-peroneal muscle atrophy.
Cerebellar voice tremor: an acoustic analysis.
Xeroderma pigmentosum: review and report of a case.
Tuberous sclerosis.
Follow-up of infants treated with extracorporeal membrane oxygenation for newborn respiratory failure.
Pulmonary mechanics in preterm neonates with respiratory failure treated with high-frequency oscillatory ventilation compared with conventional mechanical ventilation.
Failure to detect surfactant protein-specific antibodies in sera of premature infants treated with survanta, a modified bovine surfactant.
Loss of contrast sensitivity in cystic fibrosis.
Ultrastructural study of Norrie's disease.
Early-onset autosomal dominant retinitis pigmentosa with severe hyperopia.
Membrane oxygenator prevents lung reperfusion injury in canine cardiopulmonary bypass
Palliative repair of aortic atresia associated with tricuspid atresia and transposition of the great arteries.
Pulmonary acinar development in diaphragmatic hernia.
Tuberous sclerosis complex in Olmsted County, Minnesota, 1950-1989.
Long-term follow-up of children with Down syndrome with cardiac lesions [published erratum appears in Clin Pediatr (Phila) 1991 Feb;30(2):128]
Anterior segment mesenchymal dysgenesis associated with partial duplication of the short arm of chromosome 2.
Origin of the left main coronary artery from the "non-coronary" sinus of Valsalva.
Musculoskeletal problems in association with cloacal exstrophy.
Surgical treatment of the retethered spinal cord after repair of lipomyelomeningocele.
Malignant potential of the cryptorchid testis.
Regionally restricted developmental defects resulting from targeted disruption of the mouse homeobox gene hox-1.5
Prophylactic amnioinfusion in pregnancies complicated by oligohydramnios: a prospective study.
Detection of macrosomia by the individual fetal growth curve assessment method.
True hermaphroditism: sonographic demonstration of ovotestes.
The scimitar syndrome.
Maternal cocaine abuse and fetal anomalies: evidence for teratogenic effects of cocaine.
Cystic fibrosis. 4. Abnormalities of airway epithelial function and the implications of the discovery of the cystic fibrosis gene.
Plasma tumour necrosis factor alpha in cystic fibrosis.
Malignant renal tumors in tuberous sclerosis.
Recurrence risk of a new dominant mutation in children of unaffected parents.
Screening and detection of congenital malformation.
The current status of maternal and fetal blood flow velocimetry.
Carrier screening for cystic fibrosis: implications for obstetric and gynecologic practice.
Coffee during pregnancy: a reproductive hazard?
Balloon atrial septostomy under echocardiographic control: six years' experience and evaluation of the practicability of cannulation via the umbilical vein.
Two cases of left superior vena cava draining directly to a left atrium with a normal coronary sinus.
Lymphatic abnormalities in Alagille's syndrome.
Disposition of drugs in cystic fibrosis. I. Sulfamethoxazole and trimethoprim.
Development of renal failure in children with the prune belly syndrome.
Bladder wall abnormalities in myelodysplastic bladders: a computer assisted morphometric analysis.
Cloacal anomalies and other urorectal septal defects in female patients: a spectrum of anatomical abnormalities.
Left preureteral vena cava (retrocaval or circumcaval ureter) associated with partial situs inversus.
Preoperative transcatheter closure of congenital muscular ventricular septal defects.
Clinical and laboratory findings in the oculocerebrorenal syndrome of Lowe, with special reference to growth and renal function.
A family with acquired and inherited blue-yellow axis.
Photoreceptor rosettes with blue cone opsin immunoreactivity in retinitis pigmentosa.
Adenovirus-mediated transfer of a recombinant alpha 1-antitrypsin gene to the lung epithelium in vivo
Prenatal diagnosis of atrioventricular canal malformations with up-to-date echocardiographic technology: report of 14 cases.
Perspectives on the pathophysiology of fetal alcohol syndrome.
Prenatal alcohol exposure and language development.
Intercostal-to-pulmonary arterial anastomosis, complicated by high-output heart failure: case report.
Independent genetic determinants of pancreatic and pulmonary status in cystic fibrosis
Bilateral chylothorax following jugular catheterization in a woman with complete situs inversus.
Preoperative and postoperative evaluations by means of three-dimensional computed tomography in cases of Chiari osteotomy.
A controlled trial of long-term bronchodilator therapy in cystic fibrosis
Spontaneous near disappearance of bilateral coronary artery-pulmonary artery fistulas.
Spontaneous pneumothorax in cystic adenomatoid malformation. Unusual clinical and histologic features.
Exercise-induced ventricular tachycardia in association with a myocardial bridge.
The long-term clinical outcome of patients with tricuspid atresia. II. Influence of surgical procedures.
Cardiopulmonary bypass in sickle cell anaemia. Report of five cases.
Pancreatic endocrine function in cystic fibrosis.
Effect of preoperative stabilization on respiratory system compliance and outcome in newborn infants with congenital diaphragmatic hernia.
Anthropometric measurements in a newborn population in west Africa: a reliable and simple tool for the identification of infants at risk for early postnatal morbidity.
Clustering of features of von Hippel-Lindau syndrome: evidence for a complex genetic locus
Specular microscopic observation of posterior corneal vesicles.
Very low birth weight outcomes of the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development Neonatal Network.
Etiology of autism: genetic influences.
A population-based study of ocular abnormalities in premature children aged 5 to 10 years.
Ocular findings in patients with autosomal dominant retinitis pigmentosa and rhodopsin, proline-347-leucine.
Polycystic kidneys, pancreatic cysts, and cystadenomatous bile ducts in the oral-facial-digital syndrome type I.
Subdiaphragmatic extralobar pulmonary sequestration.
Perceived risk not actual risk predicts uptake of amniocentesis.
Distinguishing features of the iridocorneal endothelial syndrome and posterior polymorphous dystrophy: value of endothelial specular microscopy.
Optic nerve hypoplasia, encephalopathy, and neurodevelopmental handicap.
Features of primary vesicoureteric reflux detected by prenatal sonography.
Pharmacokinetics of lidocaine in children with congenital heart disease.
Aerosolized surfactant treatment of preterm lambs.
Double-inlet ventricle presenting in infancy. I. Survival without definitive repair.
Double-inlet ventricle presenting in infancy. II. Results of palliative operations.
Double-inlet ventricle presenting in infancy. III. Outcome and potential for definitive repair.
Genitourinary tract malformations and maternal cocaine abuse.
Relation of symptoms to contractility and defect size in infants with ventricular septal defect.
An unusual cause of obstructive emphysema.

