Laser photodynamic therapy for papilloma viral lesions.
Osteoma of the middle ear. Report of a case.
DNA content and Ks8.12 binding of the psoriatic lesion during treatment with the vitamin D3 analogue MC903 and betamethasone.
Elastic fibre damage induced by low-dose D-penicillamine.
Neutrophil zinc levels in psoriasis and seborrhoeic dermatitis.
Autologous mixed lymphocyte reaction is reduced in patients with psoriasis.
Pentoxifylline inhibits the proliferation of human fibroblasts derived from keloid, scleroderma and morphoea skin and their production of collagen, glycosaminoglycans and fibronectin.
Analysis of side-effects of medium- and low-dose cyclosporin maintenance therapy in psoriasis.
Effects of haem arginate on variegate porphyria.
Skin manifestations in congenital deficiency of leucocyte-adherence glycoproteins (CDLG).
An unusual case of acquired localized argyria.
A retrospective analysis of therapy for acute graft-versus-host disease: initial treatment.
Animal models of chronic inflammatory arthritis.
Studies on the contact sensitizing activity of dithranol (anthralin) and 10-butyryl dithranol (butantrone).
Prevalence and sources of sensitization to emulsifiers: a clinical study.
Olive oil as a cause of contact allergy in patients with venous eczema, and occupationally.
Contact sensitization by pesticides in farmers.
Low allergenicity of clonidine impedes studies of sensitization mechanisms in guinea pig models.
Contact allergy due to colophony (VI). The sensitizing capacity of minor resin acids and 7 commercial modified-colophony products.
Contact dermatitis from acrylate and methacrylate compounds in Lowicryl embedding media for electron microscopy.
Cyclosporine and chronic sarcoidosis.
Comparison of quantitative sensory-threshold measures for their association with foot ulceration in diabetic patients.
Measuring vibration sensations with graduated tuning fork. Simple and reliable means to detect diabetic patients at risk of neuropathic foot ulceration.
Resolution of inferior vena cava syndrome after embolization of a hepatic adenoma.
Aging and the skin: recognizing and managing common disorders.
Simultaneous or staged bilateral total knee replacements in rheumatoid arthritis. A prospective study.
The Oxford knee replacement. A review from an independent centre.
The incidence of deep vein thrombosis after cementless and cemented knee replacement.
Disseminated cutaneous herpes zoster following cardiac surgery.
Isolation of a human epidermal cDNA corresponding to the 180-kD autoantigen recognized by bullous pemphigoid and herpes gestationis sera. Immunolocalization of this protein to the hemidesmosome.
Activation pathways of synovial T lymphocytes. Expression and function of the UM4D4/CDw60 antigen.
Use of monoclonal antibody KP1 for identifying normal and neoplastic human mast cells.
Cultured epidermal autografts and allografts: a study of differentiation and allograft survival.
Clinical manifestations in anticardiolipin antibody-positive patients with progressive systemic sclerosis.
Hypereosinophilic syndrome with unusual cutaneous manifestations in two men with HIV infection.
Condylomata acuminata in children: frequent association with human papillomaviruses responsible for cutaneous warts.
Photochemotherapy improves chronic cutaneous graft-versus-host disease.
Skin pigmentation from clofazimine therapy in leprosy patients: a reappraisal.
Neutrophilic dermatosis with myelodysplastic syndrome: nuclear segmentation anomalies of neutrophils in the skin lesion and in peripheral blood.
Localized hyperhidrosis in pretibial myxedema.
Incidence of cutaneous T cell lymphoma and other rare skin cancers in a defined population.
The prognosis of contact dermatitis.
Cutaneous lesions of disseminated histoplasmosis in human immunodeficiency virus-infected patients.
A method for the determination of UVA protection for normal skin.
Pigmented Bowen's disease arising from pigmented seborrheic keratoses.
Scleroderma and L-tryptophan: a possible explanation of the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Treatment of hirsutism with the pure antiandrogen flutamide.
Transdermal viprostol in the treatment of male pattern baldness.
Pityriasis lichenoides in children: a long-term follow-up of eighty-nine cases.
Piroxicam-induced photosensitivity and contact sensitivity to thiosalicylic acid.
Hydroxychloroquine is effective therapy for control of cutaneous sarcoidal granulomas.
Treatment of aggressive keratoacanthomas by radiotherapy.
Dermatoses associated with sterile lytic bone lesions.
The relationship of pemphigus to neoplasia.
Sweet's syndrome: a clinicopathologic review of twenty-nine cases.
Itraconazole in the treatment of tinea capitis.
Itraconazole in the management of chronic dermatophytosis.
Multiple oral and skin lesions occurring after treatment with penicillin.
The diabetic foot. Soft tissue and bone infection.
Antagonistic and agonistic effects of transforming growth factor-beta and IL-1 in rheumatoid synovium.
Evidence that cutaneous antigen-presenting cells migrate to regional lymph nodes during contact sensitization.
Aberrant proliferation of lumen-forming cells in stratified epithelium of porokeratosis skin.
The innermost cell layer of the outer root sheath is positive with Ki-67.
Increased phospholipase C-catalyzed hydrolysis of phosphatidylinositol-4,5-bisphosphate and 1,2-sn-diacylglycerol content in psoriatic involved compared to uninvolved and normal epidermis.
Successful culture of adult human melanocytes obtained from normal and vitiligo donors.
Naproxen-induced pseudoporphyria: a distinctive photodermatitis.
The clinical significance of immune reactions with some streptococcal antigens in rheumatoid arthritis.
Antibodies to denatured type II collagen in rheumatoid arthritis: negative association with IgM rheumatoid factor.
Suppressed serum erythropoietin response to anemia and the efficacy of recombinant erythropoietin in the anemia of rheumatoid arthritis.
Rheumatoid arthritis and comorbidity.
Pulsed suppressive treatment in rheumatoid arthritis: intravenous methylprednisolone and nitrogen mustard.
Elevated serum levels of soluble interleukin 2 receptor, interleukin 2 and neopterin in diffuse and limited scleroderma: effects of chlorambucil.
CD5 positive B lymphocytes in seronegative juvenile arthritis.
Rheumatoid arthritis in a patient with sickle cell disease.
A double blind placebo controlled trial of low dose clotrimazole in rheumatoid arthritis.
Lack of significant interaction between low dose methotrexate and ibuprofen or flurbiprofen in patients with arthritis.
A self-report articular index measure of arthritic activity: investigations of reliability, validity and sensitivity.
Psychological screening in rheumatoid arthritis.
Reliability of pain scales in the assessment of literate and illiterate patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
Triiodothyronine treatment for Raynaud's phenomenon: a controlled trial.
Connective tissue disease in southeast Georgia. A community based study of immunogenetic markers and autoantibodies.
The heterogeneity of anticentromere antibodies in immunoblotting analysis.
Pyoderma gangrenosum complicating Felty's syndrome.
Splinter hemorrhages as a possible clinical manifestation of cholesterol crystal embolization.
Acute central nervous system symptoms caused by ibuprofen in connective tissue disease.
Estimating the incidence and prevalence of rare rheumatologic diseases: a review of methodology and available data sources [editorial]
New active analogues of vitamin D with low calcemic activity.
Development of a new surgical procedure for repairing tracheobronchomalacia.
Topical podofilox for the treatment of condylomata acuminata in women.
Does the treatment of genital condylomata in men decrease the treatment failure rate of cervical dysplasia in the female sexual partner?
Human papillomavirus associated with poor healing of episiotomy repairs.
Successful pregnancy outcome in association with lipoatrophic diabetes mellitus.
Oral squamous cell carcinoma arising in a patient with long-standing lichen planus. A case report.
Premature alveolar bone loss in Erdheim-Chester disease.
A dentofacial deformity associated with incontinentia pigmenti: report of a case.
More unusual pigmentations of the gingiva.
Adult linear immunoglobulin A disease manifesting as desquamative gingivitis.
Immunohistochemical study of oral lesions of lichen planus: diagnostic and pathophysiologic aspects.
Early solid feeding and recurrent childhood eczema: a 10-year longitudinal study.
Vancomycin-induced red man syndrome.
Preventing cervical cancer by treating genital warts in men. Why male sex partners need androscopy.
Major histocompatibility complex haplotype studies in Ashkenazi Jewish patients with pemphigus vulgaris.
The cutaneous manifestations in children with familial Mediterranean fever (recurrent hereditary polyserositis). A six-year study.
The source and significance of raised serum enzymes in rheumatoid arthritis.
Protection from chemotherapy-induced alopecia in a rat model.
Surgical management of palmar hyperhidrosis.
Tryptophan-induced eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome
Marfan syndrome in China: a collective review of 564 cases among 98 families.
A forme fruste of Marfan's syndrome: case history.
The effect of local temperature versus sympathetic tone on digital perfusion in Raynaud's phenomenon.
Chronic arterial occlusion with PGE1-resistant skin lesions treated by glycosaminoglycan compound--case reports.
Adverse reactions to heparin [clinical conference]
Basophil histamine release and airway response to mite allergen in atopic dermatitis.
A clinical triad to diagnose paraneoplastic retinopathy.
Abnormal essential fatty acid metabolism in Darier's disease.
Ionizing radiation-induced pemphigus. Case presentations and literature review.
Transfusion-associated graft-vs-host disease in patients with malignancies. Report of two cases and review of the literature
Severe phototoxic burn following celery ingestion.
Autoantibodies from patients with localized and generalized bullous pemphigoid immunoprecipitate the same 230-kd keratinocyte antigen.
Acute renal failure due to ciprofloxacin.
Desensitization in the management of vancomycin hypersensitivity.
Sensitivity and specificity of various morphological features of cervical condylomas. An in situ hybridization study.
Immediate breast reconstruction following mastectomy is as safe as mastectomy alone.
The comparative efficacy and toxicity of second-line drugs in rheumatoid arthritis. Results of two metaanalyses.
Diminished incidence of severe rheumatoid arthritis associated with oral contraceptive use.
Cellular immune response toward human articular chondrocytes. T cell reactivities against chondrocyte and fibroblast membranes in destructive joint diseases.
Specificity of antibodies to type II collagen in rheumatoid arthritis.
Use of molecular cloning methods to map the distribution of epitopes on topoisomerase I (Scl-70) recognized by sera of scleroderma patients.
Alteration of the cellular fatty acid profile and the production of eicosanoids in human monocytes by gamma-linolenic acid.
Increased expression of platelet-derived growth factor type B receptors in the skin of patients with systemic sclerosis.
Human immunodeficiency virus-associated psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis, and Reiter's syndrome: a disease continuum?
Amyloidosis in Behcet's syndrome.
Anaesthetic management of systemic mastocytosis.
Linear scleroderma associated with ptosis and motility disorders.
Impaired iron uptake and transferrin binding by erythroblasts in the anaemia of rheumatoid arthritis.
Patients with arthritis and anti-U1-RNP antibodies: a 10-year follow-up.
The inhibition of NK cell function by azathioprine during the treatment of patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
Urinary tissue factor activity in colorectal disease.
Erythema infectiosum and pregnancy-related complications
Toxic dermatitis induced by 10-ethyl-10-deaza-aminopterin (10-EdAM), a novel antifolate.
IgA nephritis in Behcet's disease: case report and review of the literature.
Uremic pruritus in patients on hemodialysis or continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis (CAPD). The role of plasma histamine and skin mast cells.
Comparison of patellar resurfacing versus nonresurfacing in bilateral total knee arthroplasty.
Two- to four-year results of posterior cruciate-sparing condylar total knee arthroplasty with an uncemented femoral component.
Labetalol and MRI as initial medical and diagnostic modalities in a marfanoid patient with expanding ascending aortic aneurysm.
Retroperitoneal air after routine hemorrhoidectomy. Report of a case.
A laser-induced scar at the cardia increases the yield pressure of the lower esophageal sphincter
Submammary median sternotomy.
Effect of chronic treatment with the glucocorticoid antagonist RU 486 in man: toxicity, immunological, and hormonal aspects.
Treatment of idiopathic guttate hypomelanosis with liquid nitrogen: light and electron microscopic studies.
Treatment of molluscum contagiosum using a lidocaine/prilocaine cream (EMLA) for analgesia.
A comparative histopathologic study of photodistributed and nonphotodistributed lichenoid drug eruptions.
Intralesional interferon therapy for basal cell carcinoma.
Prolonged remission after cyclosporine therapy in pemphigus vulgaris: report of two young siblings.
Extracorporeal photopheresis in psoriasis vulgaris: clinical and immunologic observations.
Treatment of chromoblastomycosis.
Contact dermatoses from disposable glove use: a review.
Prevention of occupational contact dermatitis.
Management of onychomycosis with oral terbinafine.
Multicentric cloacogenic carcinoma: report of a case with anogenital pruritus at presentation.
Eosinophilic pustular folliculitis: fungal folliculitis?
Subacute cutaneous lupus erythematosus lesions progressing to morphea.
Persistent melanocytic lesions associated with cosmetic tanning bed use: "sunbed lentigines".
Linear porokeratosis: successful treatment with diamond fraise dermabrasion.
Widespread flat warts associated with human papillomavirus type 5: a cutaneous manifestation of human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Vulvar melanosis.
Eruptive seborrheic keratoses in a young woman with acromegaly.
Acute hemorrhagic edema of infancy (AHEI)--a variant of Henoch-Schonlein purpura or a distinct clinical entity?
Role of nasal allergy in chronic maxillary sinusitis--diagnostic value of nasal challenge with allergen.
Chronic urticaria exacerbated by the antioxidant food preservatives, butylated hydroxyanisole (BHA) and butylated hydroxytoluene (BHT).
Tryptase, a mediator of human mast cells.
The role of histamine in allergic diseases.
The role of antihistamines in the treatment of chronic urticaria.
The role of antihistamines in atopic dermatitis.
Mechanisms involved in allergic contact dermatitis.
Arthritis and mast cell activation.
It is children with atopic dermatitis who develop asthma more frequently if the mother smokes.
Skin responses to intradermal histamine and leukotrienes C4, D4, and E4 in patients with chronic idiopathic urticaria and in normal subjects.
Epidermal growth factor/transforming growth factor alpha receptors and psoriasis.
Immunologic mechanisms in psoriasis.
Psoriasis vulgaris: a genetic approach.
Speculations on the immunopathogenesis of psoriasis: T-cell violation of a keratinocyte sphere of influence.
Lymphocyte chemoattractants in psoriasis and normal skin.
Interleukin-1 in human skin: dysregulation in psoriasis.
The role of epidermal cytokines in inflammatory skin diseases.
Lymphocyte adhesion to psoriatic dermal endothelium: mechanism and modulation.
The role of the immune system in the pathogenesis of psoriasis.
Lymphocyte trafficking in psoriasis: a new perspective emphasizing the dermal dendrocyte with active dermal recruitment mediated via endothelial cells followed by intra-epidermal T-cell activation.
Immunology of AIDS related to psoriasis.
The expression of retrovirus-like particles in psoriasis.
Cytotoxic and immunologic effects of methotrexate in psoriasis.
Psoriasis: the application of genetic technology and mapping.
Cyclosporine A in the treatment of psoriasis: a clinical and mechanistic perspective.
Susceptibility to effects of UVB radiation on induction of contact hypersensitivity as a risk factor for skin cancer in humans.
Sodium lauryl sulphate for irritant patch testing--a dose-response study using bioengineering methods for determination of skin irritation.
Experimental models for psoriasis.
Immunosuppressive effects of clonidine on the induction of contact sensitization in the balb/c mouse.
Targeting gene expression to the epidermis of transgenic mice: potential applications to genetic skin disorders.
Inherited mouse mutations as models of human adnexal, cornification, and papulosquamous dermatoses.
Growth factor and proto-oncogene expression in psoriasis.
Treatment of condyloma acuminatum with three different interferon-alpha preparations administered parenterally: a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
Skin blisters as a manifestation of oxazepam toxicity.
De novo carcinoma of the lower urinary tract in renal allograft recipients.
The natural history of Peyronie's disease.
Indirect revascularization of the lower extremity by means of microvascular free-muscle flap--a preliminary report.
Deep vein obstruction and leg swelling caused by femoral ganglion.
Diclofenac-associated hepatotoxicity
The epidemiology and natural history of pressure ulcers in elderly nursing home residents
Buruli ulcer in Benin
Infective dermatitis of Jamaican children: a marker for HTLV-I infection
Cutaneous phototoxic occurrences in patients receiving Photofrin.
A chronic granulomatous syndrome of unknown origin.
Posterior interosseous nerve palsies.
Myelopathy presenting decades after surgery for congenital cervical cutaneous lesions.
The significance of moderate and severe inflammation on class I Papanicolaou smear
Experience with photocoagulation in Behcet's disease.
Serum and aqueous humor sialic acid levels in Behcet's disease.
Crystalline cataract and uncombable hair. Ultrastructural and biochemical findings.
Bilateral keloid-like myofibroblastic proliferations of the cornea in children.
Comprehensive dental care and general anesthetic management of hereditary epidermolysis bullosa. A review of fourteen cases.
Propolis allergy: a cause of oral mucositis with ulceration.
Multiple myeloma and bullous lichenoid lesions: an unusual association.
Young adults with special health care needs: prevalence, severity, and access to health services.
What to do about pruritus scroti.
Correcting a stairstep deformity secondary to lower abdominal scars by the use of a decorticated hypogastric flap.
Experience with the functional cleft lip repair.
Normeperidine-induced seizures in hereditary coproporphyria.
Cytophagic histiocytic panniculitis evolving into total lipodystrophy.
Management of Peyronie disease by implantation of inflatable penile prosthesis.
Intravesical condyloma acuminatum with progression to verrucous carcinoma.
Catabolic effects of high-dose corticosteroids persist despite therapeutic benefit in rheumatoid arthritis.
Antinuclear matrix antibody. Hidden antinuclear antibody in patients with connective tissue diseases.
Temporary loss of limb function secondary to soft tissue calcification in a patient with rhabdomyolysis-induced acute renal failure.
Pseudoexfoliative fibrillopathy in the skin of patients with ocular pseudoexfoliation.
A clinicopathologic study of the eyes in familial adenomatous polyposis with extracolonic manifestations (Gardner's syndrome).
South American blastomycosis: ophthalmic and oculomotor nerve lesions.
Amputation prevention in an independently reviewed at-risk diabetic population using a comprehensive wound care protocol.
Spinal cord compression with paraplegia in xanthomatosis due to normocholesterolemic sitosterolemia.
Cutaneous T-cell lymphoma (parapsoriasis en plaque). An association with pityriasis lichenoides et varioliformis acuta in young children.
MY7 monoclonal antibody for diagnosis of cutaneous T-cell lymphoma.
Characterization of the dermal infiltrate in human immunodeficiency virus-infected patients with psoriasis.
Cicatricial pemphigoid. Identification of two distinct sets of epidermal antigens by IgA and IgG class circulating autoantibodies.
Dermatitis herpetiformis bodies. Ultrastructural study on the skin of patients using direct preembedding immunogold labeling.
The familial occurrence of bullous mastocytosis (diffuse cutaneous mastocytosis).
Ichthyosis, mental retardation, and asymptomatic spasticity. A new neurocutaneous syndrome with normal fatty alcohol:NAD+ oxidoreductase activity.
Morphological and histopathological aspects of aneurysms after patch aortoplasty for coarctation.
Thyrotoxicosis induced by topical iodine application.
Aerobic and anaerobic bacteriology of wounds and cutaneous abscesses.
Asthma and eczema in children born to women with migraine.
Aspirin, hydroxychloroquine, and hepatic enzyme abnormalities with methotrexate in rheumatoid arthritis.
The post-occlusive hyperemic response in patients with systemic sclerosis.
Diffusing capacity of the lung and nifedipine in systemic sclerosis.
IgG and IgA antibodies to the collagen-like region of C1q in rheumatoid vasculitis.
Evidence for impaired T cell DNA methylation in systemic lupus erythematosus and rheumatoid arthritis.
Association of labial salivary gland histopathology with clinical and serologic features of connective tissue diseases.
Functional studies of soluble low-affinity interleukin-2 receptors in rheumatoid synovial fluid.
Interleukin-1-induced interleukin-6 is required for the inhibition of proteoglycan synthesis by interleukin-1 in human articular cartilage.
Dermal mast cell degranulation in systemic sclerosis.
Spontaneous rheumatoid-like arthritis in a line of mice sensitive to collagen-induced arthritis.
Uroporphyrinogen decarboxylase: a splice site mutation causes the deletion of exon 6 in multiple families with porphyria cutanea tarda.
Two different point G to A mutations in exon 10 of the porphobilinogen deaminase gene are responsible for acute intermittent porphyria.
A substitution at a non-glycine position in the triple-helical domain of pro alpha 2(I) collagen chains present in an individual with a variant of the Marfan syndrome.
The protective effect of the oral contraceptive pill on rheumatoid arthritis: an overview of the analytic epidemiological studies using meta-analysis.
Health status reports in the care of patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
Is baldness a risk factor for coronary artery disease? A review of the literature.
End-stage renal disease--is infrainguinal limb revascularization justified?
A palmar dermatosis linked to occult carcinoma of the upper thorax, head and neck: Bazex's syndrome and tripe palm.
The inferiorly based superior tympanomeatal flap for removal of congenital cholesteatoma.
Split nails.
Cystic rheumatoid arthritis: description of a nonerosive form.
Spinal synovial cyst: case report using magnetic resonance imaging.
Genital and anal conditions confused with child sexual abuse trauma.
Large arteries involvement in scleroderma--a case report.
Mast cell heterogeneity in chronic idiopathic urticaria.
Muscle involvement in the scleroderma syndromes.
The influence of renal function on diabetic foot ulceration.
Ear involvement in the yellow nail syndrome.
11 beta-hydroxyandrostenedione: a marker of adrenal function in hirsutism.
Melanosis of the esophagus. An endoscopic, histochemical, and ultrastructural study.
Perichondral grafting for cartilage lesions of the knee.
Marjolin's ulcer: a review and reevaluation of a difficult problem.
[125I]fibrin deposition occurs at both early and late intervals of IgE-dependent or contact sensitivity reactions elicited in mouse skin. Mast cell-dependent augmentation of fibrin deposition at early intervals in combined IgE-dependent and contact sensitivity reactions.
IgG antibodies from patients with bullous pemphigoid bind to localized epitopes on synthetic peptides encoded by bullous pemphigoid antigen cDNA.
IL-1 regulation of transin/stromelysin transcription in rheumatoid synovial fibroblasts appears to involve two antagonistic transduction pathways, an inhibitory, prostaglandin-dependent pathway mediated by cAMP, and a stimulatory, protein kinase C-dependent pathway.
Identification and isolation of a phospholipase A2 activating protein in human rheumatoid arthritis synovial fluid: induction of eicosanoid synthesis and an inflammatory response in joints injected in vivo.
Auro-nasopharyngeal polyp and cholesteatoma.
Chronic sinusitis and the yellow nail syndrome.
Human papillomavirus infections of the genital tract.
The "nuisance" sexually transmitted diseases: molluscum contagiosum, scabies, and crab lice.
Common nonvenereal genital lesions.
Paraneoplastic pemphigus. An autoimmune mucocutaneous disease associated with neoplasia.
Cimetidine suppresses chemically induced experimental hepatic porphyria.
Anisocoria in the pigmentary dispersion syndrome
Treatment of chronic liver disease caused by 3 beta-hydroxy-delta 5-C27-steroid dehydrogenase deficiency with chenodeoxycholic acid.
Non-invasive monitoring of finger arterial pressure in patients with Raynaud's phenomenon: effects of exposure to cold.
Immunobiological studies on the alopecic (DEBR) rat.
The presence of autoantibody to recombinant lipocortin-I in patients with psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis.
Induction of ornithine decarboxylase following sellotape stripping in normal and psoriatic skin.
The significance of Leu 8 negative T cells in lymphoid skin infiltrates: malignant transformation, selective homing or T-cell activation?
Immediate contact reactions to chemicals in the fragrance mix and a study of the quenching action of eugenol.
Conjunctival involvement in pemphigus vulgaris: a clinical, histopathological and immunofluorescence study.
Effect of long-term PUVA treatment of psoriasis on the collagen and elastin gene expression and growth of skin fibroblasts in vitro.
Cyclosporin A in combination with photochemotherapy (PUVA) in the treatment of psoriasis.
Pachyonychia congenita complicated by hidradenitis suppurativa: a family study.
Development of renal scars in children: missed opportunities in management. South Bedfordshire Practitioners' Group.
Estrogen receptor localization in normal and neoplastic epithelium of the uterine cervix.
Increased plasma histamine levels in uraemic pruritus.
IgG subclasses in the serum and skin in subacute cutaneous lupus erythematosus and neonatal lupus erythematosus.
Quantitative estimation of hair growth. I. androgenetic alopecia in women: effect of minoxidil.
Extracellular collagenase, proteoglycanase and products of their activity, released in organ culture by intact dermal inflammatory lesions produced by sulfur mustard.
Diagnosis and management of infantile marfan syndrome.
Arthropathy of Down syndrome.
Interleukin-2 immunotherapy in children.
Response to diet and cholestyramine in a patient with sitosterolemia.
Ulcerative lesions and herpes simplex virus type 2 in a patient with Evan's syndrome.
Glucagonoma syndrome is an underdiagnosed clinical entity.
Hepatic cyst associated with Peutz-Jeghers syndrome.
Vastus lateralis myocutaneous flap for reconstruction of defects around the groin and pelvis.
Total hip arthroplasty with cement. A long-term radiographic analysis in patients who are older than fifty and younger than fifty years.
Anti-(U1) small nuclear RNA antibodies in anti-small nuclear ribonucleoprotein sera from patients with connective tissue diseases.
A controlled trial of clobetasol propionate ointment 0.05% in the treatment of experimentally induced Rhus dermatitis.
Clinical association of autoantibodies to fibrillarin with diffuse scleroderma and disseminated telangiectasia.
Papular-purpuric "gloves and socks" syndrome.
Multiple keratoacanthomas treated with oral retinoids.
Molecular identification of major and minor bullous pemphigoid antigens.
Digital imaging techniques in dermatology.
Treatment of drug-induced agranulocytosis with recombinant GM-CSF
Sensitivity of effect variables in rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis of 130 placebo controlled NSAID trials [published erratum appears in J Clin Epidemiol 1991;44(6):613]
Clinical, laboratory and radiographic features in early rheumatoid arthritis.
Clinical and laboratory effects of prolonged therapy with sulfasalazine, gold or penicillamine: the effects of disease duration on treatment response.
Phenotypic characteristics of dissociated mononuclear cells from rheumatoid synovial membrane.
The temporomandibular joint in rheumatoid arthritis. Correlations between clinical and computed tomography features.
Adherent synovial cells from nonrheumatoid arthritis do not release interleukin 1 beta and prostaglandin E2 spontaneously in longterm culture.
Anti-RNA polymerase I antibodies in the urine of patients with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Specificity of anti-Scl-70 antibodies in scleroderma: increased sensitivity of detection using purified DNA topoisomerase I from calf thymus.
Clinical significance of antibodies to a 68 kDa U1RNP polypeptide in connective tissue disease.
Incidence of polymyositis-dermatomyositis: a 20-year study of hospital diagnosed cases in Allegheny County, PA 1963-1982.
Psychological stress and the fibrositis/fibromyalgia syndrome.
Synthesis and release of phospholipase A2 by unstimulated human articular chondrocytes.
Diclofenac induced immune thrombocytopenia.
Sternocostoclavicular hyperostosis: two cases with differing dermatologic syndromes.
Penile implants in the treatment of Peyronie's disease.
Diagnostic accuracy and appropriateness of care for seborrheic keratoses. A pilot study of an approach to quality assurance for cutaneous surgery
Deficiency of calcitonin gene-related peptide in Raynaud's phenomenon.
Immunopathology of cicatricial pemphigoid affecting the conjunctiva.
Split-thickness skin grafting of the myelomeningocele defect: a subset at risk for late ulceration.
A case of sideburn reconstruction using a temporoparieto-occipital island flap.
Evaluation of argon laser surgery in children under 13 years of age.
Adult respiratory distress syndrome after limited resection of adenocarcinoma of the lung.
Diffuse alveolar haemorrhage associated with progressive systemic sclerosis.
Evidence of heterogeneous mechanisms in lipoprotein lipid alterations in hyperandrogenic women.
Epidural morphine with butorphanol for postoperative analgesia after cesarean delivery.
Individual patterns of immediate skin reactivity to mold extracts.
Anogenital warts in children. Clinical and virologic evaluation for sexual abuse
Type VII collagen and 19-DEJ-1 antigen. Comparison of expression in inversa and generalized variants of recessive dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa.
'Cystic papilloma' in humans? Demonstration of human papillomavirus in plantar epidermoid cysts.
The pretear characteristics of pigment epithelial detachments. A study of 40 eyes.
Synovial fluid polymorphonuclear leucocytes from patients with rheumatoid arthritis have reduced MPO and NADPH-oxidase activity.
Specific antibody response to the mycobacterial 65 kDa stress protein in ankylosing spondylitis and rheumatoid arthritis.
Limiting dilution analysis of autocytotoxic and autosuppressor T-cells in rheumatoid arthritis.
Intestinal flora of patients with rheumatoid arthritis: induction of chronic arthritis in rats by cell wall fragments from isolated Eubacterium aerofaciens strains.
A laboratory and clinical study of pneumatic 'grip strength' devices.
The cycling of combination antirheumatic drug therapy in rheumatoid arthritis.
Methylsulphasalazine in rheumatoid arthritis.
Remitting seronegative symmetrical synovitis with pitting oedema in young adults: a subset of rheumatoid arthritis or a distinct syndrome?
Ultrasound demonstration of a superior mesenteric artery aneurysm in a patient with Ehlers-Danlos syndrome.
Hemolytic uremic syndrome in patients with Behcet's disease treated with cyclosporin A: report of 2 cases.
Analysis of IL-1 and TNF-alpha gene expression in human rheumatoid synoviocytes and normal monocytes by in situ hybridization.
Evidence for an epidermal cytokine network.
Leukocyte chemoattractant cytokines of the epidermis.
Interleukin-1 and interleukin-6 in psoriasis.
A possible role for transforming growth factor-beta in systemic sclerosis.
Abnormal cutaneous topobiology: the molecular basis for dermatopathologic mononuclear cell patterns in inflammatory skin disease.
Response of discoid and subacute cutaneous lupus erythematosus to recombinant interferon alpha 2a.
Application of beta-interferon in virus-induced papillomas.
Atlantoaxial stabilization in rheumatoid arthritis.
Idiopathic and glucocorticoid-induced spinal epidural lipomatosis.
An intracranial mass lesion in systemic xanthogranulomatosis: case report.
Injuries of the external ear.
Scar revision and camouflage.
Griseofulvin: a new look at an old drug.
Pregnancy and the risk of developing rheumatoid arthritis.
Autoantibody to Th ribonucleoprotein (nucleolar 7-2 RNA protein particle) in patients with systemic sclerosis.
Increased expression of type VI collagen genes in systemic sclerosis.
Increased expression of intercellular adhesion molecule 1 on the fibroblasts of scleroderma patients.
Seronegative juvenile rheumatoid arthritis and mast cell-associated gastritis.
Association of HLA-Dw16 with rheumatoid arthritis in Yakima Indians. Further evidence for the "shared epitope" hypothesis.
Risk factors for transmission of hepatitis B virus to Gambian children [published erratum appears in Lancet 1990 Dec 22-29;336(8730):1596]
Identification of a platelet dense granule membrane protein that is deficient in a patient with the Hermansky-Pudlak syndrome.
Long-term results of posterior release surgery for severe flexion contracture of the knee in patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
Razor-blade surgery.
The transverse anatomy of androgenic alopecia.
Basal cell carcinoma arising in pemphigus vulgaris of the lower eyelid.
Urticaria: current therapy.
Urticaria: clinical efficacy of cetirizine in comparison with hydroxyzine and placebo.
Phase II trial of whole-cell pertussis vaccine vs an acellular vaccine containing agglutinogens.
Gingival and cutaneous xanthomatosis associated with primary biliary cirrhosis. Report of a case.
Oral melanotic macules in patients infected with human immunodeficiency virus.
Human papillomaviruses: pediatric perspectives on a family of multifaceted tumorigenic pathogens
The butterfly rash and the malar flush. What diseases do these signs reflect?
Motor-evoked potentials in patients with cervical spine disorders.
The neurologic workup in patients with cervical spine disorders.
Oxidative damage to lipids within the inflamed human joint provides evidence of radical-mediated hypoxic-reperfusion injury.
Marfanoid children. Etiologic heterogeneity and cardiac findings.
Localization of DNA sequences to a region within Xp11.21 between incontinentia pigmenti (IP1) X-chromosomal translocation breakpoints.
Immunochemical studies of ferrochelatase protein: characterization of the normal and mutant protein in bovine and human protoporphyria.
Left ventricular aneurysm secondary to Behcet's disease.
The effects of age and peripheral vascular disease on the circulatory and mechanical response of skin to loading.
Massive histamine release in a patient with systemic mastocytosis.
Langerhans cells but not monocytes are capable of antigen presentation in vitro in corticosteroid contact hypersensitivity.
Silica-associated systemic sclerosis is clinically, serologically and immunologically indistinguishable from idiopathic systemic sclerosis.
The changing face of dermatology out-patient referrals in the south-east of Scotland.
Validation of Sickness Impact Profile and Psoriasis Disability Index in Psoriasis.
Epidermal dendritic S100 positive cells in necrobiosis lipoidica and granuloma annulare.
Anxiety and depression in patients with chronic urticaria and generalized pruritus.
Topical treatment of necrotic foot ulcers in diabetic patients: a comparative trial of DuoDerm and MeZinc.
Erythema multiforme major in a 2-month-old child with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection.
Necrolytic migratory erythema: association with neuroendocrine tumour with predominant insulin secretion.
Yield from total skin examination and effectiveness of skin cancer awareness program. Findings in 874 new dermatology patients.
A report on radiation-induced gliomas.
Systemic mastocytosis presenting as osteoporosis: a clinical and histomorphometric study.
Refractory parastomal ulcers: a multidisciplinary approach.
Treatment of severe colitis in Behcet's syndrome with thalidomide (CG-217).
Gall-bladder perforation after long-term dapsone therapy.
Soft tissue calcification in pediatric patients with end-stage renal disease.
The acromegalic rosary
Double-blind, right/left comparison of calcipotriol and betamethasone valerate in treatment of psoriasis vulgaris [published erratum appears in Lancet 1991 Apr 20;337(8747):988]
Keratinocytes as initiators of inflammation
Cyclosporine for plaque-type psoriasis. Results of a multidose, double-blind trial
Native valve endocarditis due to Pseudallescheria boydii in a patient with AIDS: case report and review.
Indigenous cases of Lyme disease diagnosed in North Carolina.
Collagenous colitis: report of nine cases and review of the literature.
Sick building syndrome.
Rheumatoid arthritis of the larynx: the importance of early diagnosis and corticosteroid therapy.
Perinatal transmission of human papillomavirus.
Human immunodeficiency virus-induced immunosuppression: a risk factor for human papillomavirus infection.
Sweet's syndrome with lung involvement.
Ultrastructural localization of calcium in psoriatic and normal human epidermis.
HLA-D locus associations in alopecia areata. DRw52a may confer disease resistance.
Cutaneous manifestations of multiple myeloma.
Coexistence of spherulocytic disease (myospherulosis) and membranocystic degeneration.
Papuloerythroderma. Another case of a new disease.
Polycystic ovary syndrome.
Endothelial leukocyte adhesion molecule-1 and intercellular adhesion molecule-1 mediate the adhesion of eosinophils to endothelial cells in vitro and are expressed by endothelium in allergic cutaneous inflammation in vivo
Newly identified U4/U6 snRNP-binding proteins by serum autoantibodies from a patient with systemic sclerosis.
Abnormalities in epidermal lipid metabolism in patients with atopic dermatitis.
Effect of retinoic acid on platelet-derived growth factor (PDGF) bioactivity and type-B PDGF receptors in normal and psoriatic human fibroblasts.
Characterization of 230-kD bullous pemphigoid antigen associated with the detergent-insoluble fraction of cultured keratinocytes.
The calcium-sensitive epitope of pemphigus foliaceus antigen is present on a murine tryptic fragment and constitutes a major antigenic region for human autoantibodies.
Reduced neutrophil LTB4 release in atopic dermatitis patients despite normal fatty acid composition.
Localization of neutrophil-activating peptide-1/interleukin-8-immunoreactivity in normal and psoriatic skin.
Characterization of skin-infiltrating lymphocytes in patients with psoriasis.
Scanning acoustic microscopy of neoplastic and inflammatory cutaneous tissue specimens.
IgA-binding structures in dermatitis herpetiformis skin are independent of elastic-microfibrillar bundles.
Expression of basement membrane proteins and interstitial collagens in dermal papillae of human hair follicles.
Thyroid crises.
Infantile systemic hyalinosis: newly recognized disorder of collagen?
Cellular localization of interleukin-8 and its inducer, tumor necrosis factor-alpha in psoriasis.
Monoclonal antibodies detect monocyte/macrophage activation and differentiation antigens and identify functionally distinct subpopulations of human rheumatoid synovial tissue macrophages.
Second-generation H1-receptor antagonists.
Scleroderma esophagus.
Treatment of pruritus of primary biliary cirrhosis with rifampin.
Cutaneous manifestations of the L-tryptophan-associated eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome: a spectrum of sclerodermatous skin disease.
Increased epidermal growth factor receptors in seborrheic keratoses and acrochordons of patients with the dysplastic nevus syndrome.
Complete follow-up and evaluation of a skin cancer screening in Connecticut.
Neutrophilic eccrine hidradenitis in two neutropenic patients.
Treatment of brittle fingernails and onychoschizia with biotin: scanning electron microscopy.
Lymphocytic infiltrates of the skin in association with cyclosporine therapy.
Comparative virologic studies of condylomata acuminata reveal a lack of dual infections with human papillomaviruses.
Ataxia in myxoedema: a neurophysiological reassessment.
Epirubicin at two dose levels with prednisolone as treatment for advanced breast cancer: the results of a randomized trial.
A prospective randomized trial comparing epirubicin monochemotherapy to two fluorouracil, cyclophosphamide, and epirubicin regimens differing in epirubicin dose in advanced breast cancer patients. The French Epirubicin Study Group
The interspinous method of posterior atlantoaxial arthrodesis.
Antibodies to synthetic peptides from Epstein-Barr nuclear antigen-1 in sera of patients with early rheumatoid arthritis and in preillness sera.
Epidermal growth factor receptor of fibroblasts from patients with scleroderma.
HLA class II and T cell receptor gene polymorphisms in psoriatic arthritis and psoriasis.
Effects of prostaglandin E1 on collagen diseases with high levels of circulating immune complexes.
Mixed connective tissue disease with arterial thrombosis, antiphospholipid antibodies and heparin induced thrombocytopenia.
Pelvic lipomatosis associated with cystitis glandularis and adenocarcinoma of the bladder.
Methods of treating plantar ulcers.
Reoperative versus conservative management for gastrointestinal fistulas.
Reports of erythematous macular skin eruptions associated with diltiazem therapy.
Post-caesarean section analgesia: a comparison of epidural butorphanol and morphine.
Systemic and local administration of cyclosporine in the treatment of psoriasis.
Cyclosporine in nonpsoriatic dermatoses.
Topical cyclosporine for oral mucosal disorders.
Management of patients and side effects during cyclosporine therapy for cutaneous disorders.
Laboratory monitoring of cyclosporine levels: guidelines for the dermatologist.
Effects of cyclosporine on renal function in psoriasis patients.
Immunity during cyclosporine therapy.
Interactions of epidermal cells and T cells in inflammatory skin diseases.
Effects of cyclosporine on immunologic mechanisms in psoriasis.
Progressive inflammatory lesions of the brain parenchyma in localized scleroderma of the head.
Vulvar condylomas and squamous vestibular micropapilloma. Differences in appearance and response to treatment.
Irritant effect of a model surfactant on the human vulva and forearm. Age-related differences.
Blistering diseases. Diagnostic help for primary care physicians.
Rheumatoid arthritis. New developments in treatment.
A mutation in the pro alpha 2(I) gene (COL1A2) for type I procollagen in Ehlers-Danlos syndrome type VII: evidence suggesting that skipping of exon 6 in RNA splicing may be a common cause of the phenotype.
Right-to-left shunting through a patent foramen ovale caused by pulmonary hypertension associated with rheumatoid arthritis and Sjogren's syndrome: a case report.
Urticaria pigmentosa. Systemic evaluation and successful treatment with topical steroids.
Human immunodeficiency virus-associated eosinophilic folliculitis. A unique dermatosis associated with advanced human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Intercellular IgA dermatosis of childhood. Selective deposition of monomer IgA1 in the intercellular space of the epidermis.
Ichthyosis, exocrine pancreatic insufficiency, impaired neutrophil chemotaxis, growth retardation, and metaphyseal dysplasia (Shwachman syndrome). Report of a case with extensive skin lesions (clinical, histological, and ultrastructural findings).
Corticosteroid-induced juxta-articular adiposis dolorosa.
Intralesional bleomycin sulfate therapy for warts. A novel bifurcated needle puncture technique.
Scar revision.
Pupil cycle time and early autonomic involvement in ocular leprosy.
Serological evidence of infection with Helicobacter pylori may predict gastrointestinal intolerance to non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) treatment in rheumatoid arthritis.
Transferrin C subtypes in patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
The prevalence of rheumatoid arthritis in the Sultanate of Oman.
Septic arthritis as a non-surgical complication in rheumatoid arthritis: relation to disease severity and therapy.
The development and use of Patient Knowledge Questionnaire in rheumatoid arthritis.
Immunogenetic heterogeneity in rheumatoid disease as illustrated by different MHC associations (DQ, Dw and C4) in articular and extra-articular subsets.
Diffuse proliferative glomerulonephritis in Behcet's syndrome.
Idiopathic hypereosinophilic syndrome terminating as disseminated T-cell lymphoma.
Intravital detection of skin capillary aneurysms by videomicroscopy with indocyanine green in patients with progressive systemic sclerosis and related disorders.
Relationship of limited joint mobility to abnormal foot pressures and diabetic foot ulceration.
Interstitial lung disease.
Intraosseous lipomatosis. A case report.
Ten-year results of operations for rheumatoid cervical spine disorders.
Tarsal tunnel syndrome. Causes and results of operative treatment.
The surgical treatment of ingrowing toenails.
Failure of internal fixation of displaced femoral neck fractures in rheumatoid patients.
Recruitment of neutrophils during IgE-dependent cutaneous late phase reactions in the mouse is mast cell-dependent. Partial inhibition of the reaction with antiserum against tumor necrosis factor-alpha.
Growth factor-induced acceleration of tissue repair through direct and inductive activities in a rabbit dermal ulcer model.
Identification of two collagen domains within the bullous pemphigoid autoantigen, BP180.
The abraded punch graft for pitted facial scars.
Skin ultrasound in dermatologic surgical planning.
Incisional slit grafting.
Hair transplantation (a new method for recipient site suturing): the upper dermal running stitch.
Regional variation in the expression of pemphigus foliaceus, pemphigus erythematosus, and pemphigus vulgaris antigens in human skin.
Glycosaminoglycans production by cultured skin fibroblasts from the Pasini and Cockayne-Touraine forms of dominant dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa.
Drug-induced pemphigus: autoantibodies directed against the pemphigus antigen complexes are present in penicillamine and captopril-induced pemphigus.
Inner ear cholesteatoma and the preservation of cochlear function.
Lateral sinus thrombosis: a problem still with us
Vaginal birth after cesarean: a meta-analysis of morbidity and mortality.
Fine structure of active and healed duodenal ulcer.
Vascular and nonvascular expression of INCAM-110. A target for mononuclear leukocyte adhesion in normal and inflamed human tissues.
Transtracheal delivery of oxygen: efficacy and safety for long-term continuous therapy.
Tumor necrosis factor alpha in middle ear cholesteatoma and its effect on keratinocytes in vitro.
Short-term changes in renal function, blood pressure, and electrolyte levels in patients receiving cyclosporine for dermatologic disorders.
Distribution of skin-derived antileucoproteases (SKALP) in the marginal zone of the spreading psoriatic lesion.
Tenascin expression in hyperproliferative skin diseases.
Dermatology and the human gene map.
Allergic contact and photocontact dermatitis due to psoralens in patients with psoriasis treated with topical PUVA.
Cyclosporin A in atopic dermatitis: therapeutic response is dissociated from effects on allergic reactions.
'High single-dose' European PUVA regimen also causes an excess of non-melanoma skin cancer.
Induction of lesions of dermatitis herpetiformis by autologous serum.
Erythema elevatum diutinum mimicking porphyria cutanea tarda.
Benign persistent papular acantholytic and dyskeratotic eruption: a case report and review of the literature.
Acquired dermal melanocytosis of the face and extremities.
Six year follow up of infants with bacteriuria on screening.
Phosgene (chlorophenyl)hydrazones, strong sensitizers found in yellow sweaters bleached with sodium hypochlorite, defined as causative allergens for contact dermatitis by an experimental screening method in animals [published erratum appears in Contact Dermatitis 1990 Nov;23(5):383]
Predictive factors for hand eczema.
Patch and prick test study of 593 healthy subjects.
Ammoniated mercury ointment: outdated but still in use.
Occupational dermatoses from epoxy resin compounds.
Valgus deformities of the feet and characteristics of gait in patients who have rheumatoid arthritis.
Immunodermatology update: the immunologically mediated vesiculobullous diseases.
Melanocytic hyperplasia of the oral mucosa.
Mycetoma: comparison of MR imaging with CT.
Focal scleroderma and severe cardiomyopathy. Patient report and brief review.
Iron and the liver.
Substance p-induced cutaneous and bronchial reactions in children with bronchial asthma.
Effect of parenterally administered gold therapy on the course of adult rheumatoid arthritis
Diagnosis of Lyme disease based on dermatologic manifestations.
Elemental diet for refractory atopic eczema.
Treatment of rheumatoid arthritis with an anti-CD4 monoclonal antibody.
Local infectious complications following large joint replacement in rheumatoid arthritis patients treated with methotrexate versus those not treated with methotrexate.
Synovial membrane histology and immunopathology in rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis. In vivo effects of antirheumatic drugs.
Clinical correlations with serum C1q levels in patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
HLA-D region antigens in patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
The effect of nifedipine on myocardial perfusion and metabolism in systemic sclerosis. A positron emission tomographic study.
A case of cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis. II: The sterol content of a cataractous lens.
Histology of the lens in the Weill-Marchesani syndrome.
Flecked retina associated with ring 17 chromosome.
Clinical screening for collagen defects in connective tissue diseases.
Acute porphyria presenting with hyperamylasemia.
Bad advice; bad burn: a new problem in burn prevention.
Serum erythropoietin levels in the anaemia of chronic disorders.
A double-blind gastroscopic evaluation of the effects of etodolac and naproxen on the gastrointestinal mucosa of rheumatic patients.
Selective in vivo removal of rheumatoid factor by an extracorporeal treatment device in rheumatoid arthritis patients
Computed tomography and ultrasonography of the adrenal glands in paracoccidioidomycosis. Comparison with cortisol and aldosterone responses to ACTH stimulation.
Propofol as an i.v. anaesthetic induction agent in variegate porphyria.
Pruritus in pregnancy.
The new genetics and its relevance to orthopedics.
Interphase cytogenetics using biotin and digoxigenin labelled probes: III. Increased sensitivity and flexibility for detecting HPV in cervical biopsy specimens and cell lines.
Familial hypobetalipoproteinaemia complicated by cerebellar ataxia and steatocystoma multiplex.
Winning the battle, losing the war? Another editorial about rheumatoid arthritis.
Seronegative rheumatoid arthritis: a clinical study with HLA typing.
Phenotypic markers of lymphocyte and mononuclear phagocyte activation within rheumatoid nodules.
Administration of folinic acid after low dose methotrexate in patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
Major clinical diagnoses found among patients with Raynaud phenomenon from the general population.
Hypophospholipasemia A2 in systemic sclerosis.
Fibromyalgia in human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Dapsone is an effective therapy for the skin lesions of subacute cutaneous lupus erythematosus and urticarial vasculitis in a patient with C2 deficiency.
Purulent pericarditis and cardiac tamponade caused by Nocardia asteroides in mixed connective tissue disease.
Septic olecranon bursitis caused by Neisseria sicca.
Lymphoma presenting as a popliteal mass in a patient with rheumatoid arthritis.
Oral lichen planus: the clinical, historical, and therapeutic features of 100 cases
Candidal infection in oral lichen planus.
Grinspan's syndrome: a drug-induced phenomenon?
Tissue expansion in the treatment of pressure ulcers.
Free-tissue transfers for limb salvage utilizing in situ saphenous vein bypass conduit as the inflow.
Ehlers-Danlos syndrome type IV: diagnosis and therapy of associated bowel perforation.
Characterization of a large deletion associated with a polymorphic block of repeated dinucleotides in the type III procollagen gene (COL3A1) of a patient with Ehlers-Danlos syndrome type IV.
Outcomes of pregnancies among women and partners of men with a history of exposure to methoxsalen photochemotherapy (PUVA) for the treatment of psoriasis.
Efficiency of opaque photoprotective agents in the visible light range.
Childhood bullous pemphigoid. Clinical and immunologic features, treatment, and prognosis.
Coexistence of pemphigus foliaceus and bullous pemphigoid. Demonstration of autoantibodies that bind to both the pemphigus foliaceus antigen complex and the bullous pemphigoid antigen.
Acquired epidermolysis bullosa with the clinical feature of Brunsting-Perry cicatricial bullous pemphigoid.
Cytomegalovirus diaper dermatitis.
Management of aortic insufficiency in chronic aortic dissection.
Revised clinical and laboratory criteria for subtypes of inherited epidermolysis bullosa. A consensus report by the Subcommittee on Diagnosis and Classification of the National Epidermolysis Bullosa Registry.
Infantile acute hemorrhagic edema of the skin: study of ten cases.
Identification of herpes simplex virus DNA in lesions of erythema multiforme by the polymerase chain reaction.
Epidermotropic eccrine porocarcinoma.
Allergic contact dermatitis to two antioxidants in latex gloves: 4,4'-thiobis(6-tert-butyl-meta-cresol) (Lowinox 44S36) and butylhydroxyanisole. Allergen alternatives for glove-allergic patients.
Pathogenesis of onychoschizia (lamellar dystrophy).
Isotretinoin for refractory lupus erythematosus.
Unfading acral microlivedo. A discrete marker of thrombotic skin disease associated with antiphospholipid antibody syndrome.
Cutaneous manifestations in patients with essential thrombocythemia.
Allergy and toxicodermia from shiitake mushrooms.
Round fingerpad sign: an early sign of scleroderma.
Immune sensitization against epidermal antigens in polymorphous light eruption.
Grafting of venous leg ulcers. An intraindividual comparison between cultured skin equivalents and full-thickness skin punch grafts.
Treatment of pyoderma gangrenosum with cyclosporine: results in seven patients.
Propylene glycol dermatitis.
Porokeratoses: immunohistochemical, light and electron microscopic evaluation.
Pyoderma gangrenosum followed by subcorneal pustular dermatosis in a patient with IgA paraproteinemia.
Persistent light reaction to hexachlorophene.
Hereditary lactate dehydrogenase M-subunit deficiency: lactate dehydrogenase activity in skin lesions and in hair follicles.
Thrombotic vasculopathy associated with cryofibrinogenemia.
A syndrome characterized by nodular eosinophilic infiltration of the skin and immunoglobulin isotype imbalance.
Trichothiodystrophy with chronic neutropenia and mild mental retardation.
Hereditary deficiency of C5 in association with discoid lupus erythematosus.
Morphologic comparison of patients with mitral valve prolapse who died suddenly with patients who died from severe valvular dysfunction or other conditions.
Safety of and immunological response to a recombinant vaccinia virus vaccine expressing HIV envelope glycoprotein
Cutaneous hypersensitivity reactions due to thiacetazone in HIV-1 seropositive patients treated for tuberculosis
Managing skin infections in children.
When to suspect connective tissue disease.
PUVA therapy.
Histologic abnormalities of large and small coronary arteries, neural structures, and the conduction system of the heart found in postmortem studies of individuals dying from the toxic oil syndrome.
Increased TNF-alpha secretion by alveolar macrophages from patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
Holidays and atopic eczema.
Refractory hypoglycemia secondary to topical salicylate intoxication.
Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy and acute fatty liver of pregnancy. An unusual but favorable association?
Survivorship analysis of total knee arthroplasty. Cumulative rates of survival of 9200 total knee arthroplasties.
Forehead reconstruction.
Pediatric mastocytosis.
Biochemical diagnosis of systemic mast cell disorders.
Classification and diagnosis of mastocytosis: current status.
The skin in mastocytosis.
TGF-alpha is widely expressed in differentiated as well as hyperproliferative skin epithelium.
Proliferating cells in psoriatic dermis are comprised primarily of T cells, endothelial cells, and factor XIIIa+ perivascular dendritic cells.
Cyclosporin A suppresses ICAM-1 expression by papillary endothelium in healing psoriatic plaques.
Interleukin-4 promotes the expansion of skin-infiltrating lymphocytes from atopic dermatitis in vitro.
Genomic, phenotypic, and functional analyses of T cells in patients with psoriasis undergoing systemic cyclosporin A treatment.
The role of the mast cell in clinical gastrointestinal disease with special reference to systemic mastocytosis.
The liver, spleen, and lymph nodes in mastocytosis.
Hematologic aspects of mastocytosis: I: Bone marrow pathology in adult and pediatric systemic mast cell disease.
Systemic mastocytosis: retrospective review of a decade's clinical experience at the Brigham and Women's Hospital.
Hematologic aspects of mastocytosis: II: management of hematologic disorders in association with systemic mast cell disease.
The treatment of mastocytosis: an overview.
Degenerative lesions in the articular cartilage after meniscectomy: preliminary experimental study in dogs.
A coproporphyria-like syndrome induced by glipizide.
Ultrasonic surgical aspiration in the treatment of vulvar disease.
Elevated serum testosterone, hirsutism, and virilism associated with combined androgen-estrogen hormone replacement therapy.
Rheumatic disease of temporomandibular joint with development of anterior disk displacement as revealed by magnetic resonance imaging. A case report.
Common skin lesions of the elderly.
Scleroderma and central nervous system vasculitis.
Herpes zoster in patients with rheumatoid arthritis treated with weekly, low-dose methotrexate.
Systemic mast cell disease associated with primary mediastinal germ cell tumor.
Rheumatic symptoms and human immunodeficiency virus infection. The influence of clinical and laboratory variables in a longitudinal cohort study.
In vivo leukocyte migration in arthritis.
A double-blind study of deflazacort and prednisone in patients with chronic inflammatory disorders.
A double-blind randomized controlled trial of ketotifen versus placebo in early diffuse scleroderma.
Endothelial leucocyte adhesion molecule-1 (ELAM-1) expression in cutaneous inflammation.
Inositol metabolism in mononuclear leucocytes from patients with atopic dermatitis.
Melanocytic lesions and melanocyte populations in human epidermis.
Identification of the target antigen in chronic bullous disease of childhood and linear IgA disease of adults.
The mitogenic effects of sera from psoriatic subjects on normal dermal fibroblasts: an absence of correlation with the clinical activity of psoriasis.
Autosomal dominant ichthyosis exfoliativa.
Acute febrile neutrophilic dermatosis in childhood (Sweet's syndrome).
Sun-induced freckles in children and young adults. A correlation of clinical and histopathologic features.
Primary total knee arthroplasty in patients with psoriasis.
Sequential cerebrospinal fluid and plasma sampling in humans: 24-hour melatonin measurements in normal subjects and after peripheral sympathectomy.
A 5-year safety and efficacy evaluation with fibrel in the correction of cutaneous scars following one or two treatments [published erratum appears in J Dermatol Surg Oncol 1991 Aug;17(8):691]
Slit grafting: the use of serrated island grafts in male and female-pattern alopecia.
Cryotherapy in the treatment of condylomata acuminata: a controlled study of 64 patients.
Intraoperative anaphylaxis: an association with latex sensitivity.
The prevalence and nature of podiatric problems in elderly diabetic patients.
Antigen-presenting activity of draining lymph node cells from mice painted with a contact allergen during ultraviolet carcinogenesis.
Pituitary hormones regulate c-myc and DNA synthesis in lymphoid tissue.
Clinical management of the complications of HIV infection.
Ultrastructural changes in impotent penile tissue: a comparison of 65 patients.
Expanding contractures of the tunica albuginea due to Peyronie's disease with temporalis fascia free grafts.
Hydrocortisone: an important cutaneous allergen.
MRI findings in neuro-Behcet's disease.
Cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis: treatments with simvastatin, lovastatin, and chenodeoxycholic acid in 3 siblings.
Retinal vasculitis as a complication of rheumatoid arthritis.
Occurrence of uveal melanoma in contact with a chorioretinal cryocoagulation scar.
Adverse cutaneous reactions due to macrolides.
Treatment of psoriasis with piritrexim, a lipid-soluble folate antagonist
Azathioprine. An effective, corticosteroid-sparing therapy for patients with recalcitrant cutaneous lupus erythematosus or with recalcitrant cutaneous leukocytoclastic vasculitis.
The treatment of chondrodermatitis nodularis with cartilage removal alone.
Hookworm folliculitis.
Sclerosing panniculitis. A clinicopathologic assessment.
Scabies presenting as bullous pemphigoid-like eruption.
Systemic hydrocortisone/cortisol induces allergic skin reactions in presensitized subjects.
Generalized pustular psoriasis in childhood. Report of thirteen cases.
Nontuberculous mycobacterial infections of the skin. Report of fourteen cases and review of the literature.
Esophageal involvement in pemphigus vulgaris: a clinical, histologic, and immunopathologic study.
Prognostic factors in the treatment of alopecia areata with diphenylcyclopropenone.
Pruritic papular eruption of the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome: a clinicopathologic study.
Spironolactone in dermatologic therapy.
A comparative study of terbinafine versus griseofulvin in 'dry-type' dermatophyte infections.
Treatment of alopecia areata with diphenylcyclopropenone.
Topical metronidazole in the treatment of perioral dermatitis.
The new cutaneous mucinoses: a review with an up-to-date classification of cutaneous mucinoses.
Vasopressin-related bullous disease of the legs.
Retinoic acid receptor gene expression in human skin.
Neuropeptides in psoriasis: an immunocytochemical and radioimmunoassay study.
Animal model for dermolytic mechanobullous disease: sheep with recessive dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa lack collagen VII.
Responsiveness to interleukin 4 and interleukin 2 of peripheral blood mononuclear cells in atopic dermatitis.
Characterization of cutaneous infiltrates in MRL/lpr mice monitored from onset to the full development of lupus erythematosus-like skin lesions.
Selective expression of immune-associated surface antigens by keratinocytes in irritant contact dermatitis.
Decreased level of ceramides in stratum corneum of atopic dermatitis: an etiologic factor in atopic dry skin?
Clinical features of atopic keratoconjunctivitis.
Common foot problems. Relieving the pain of bunions, keratoses, corns, and calluses.
Fingernail deformities secondary to ganglions of the distal interphalangeal joint (mucous cysts).
A case of multiple pilar tumors and pilar cysts involving the scalp and back.
Enhanced expression of CD2 antigen on lung T cells.
Topical silicone gel for the prevention and treatment of hypertrophic scar.
Disease-modifying agents and experimental treatments of rheumatoid arthritis.
Current principles of rehabilitation for patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
Shoulder arthroplasty for rheumatoid arthritis.
Total knee arthroplasty in rheumatoid arthritis. A comparison of the polycentric and total condylar prostheses.
Long-term follow-up of cemented total hip arthroplasty in rheumatoid arthritis.
Epidemiologic aspects of rheumatoid arthritis. Current immunogenetic approach.
Do infectious agents cause rheumatoid arthritis?
Animal models of rheumatoid arthritis. Clues to etiology and treatment.
The role of the neutrophil in rheumatoid arthritis.
Diagnosis of rheumatoid arthritis. Medical and laboratory aspects.
Advances in imaging of rheumatoid arthritis.
Cellular basis for rheumatoid inflammation.
Current medicinal approaches to the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis.
11 beta-hydroxylase deficiency in hyperandrogenism.
Treatment of hirsutism by an association of oral cyproterone acetate and transdermal 17 beta-estradiol.
Molecular defect in siblings with prolidase deficiency and absence or presence of clinical symptoms. A 0.8-kb deletion with breakpoints at the short, direct repeat in the PEPD gene and synthesis of abnormal messenger RNA and inactive polypeptide.
Varicella in hairless guinea pigs.
Pneumococcal soft-tissue infections: possible association with connective tissue diseases [published erratum appears in J Infect Dis 1991 Jul;164(1):232]
The effectiveness of the hair-restorer "Dabao" in males with alopecia androgenetica. A clinical experiment.
Cervical screening with cervicography and the Papanicolaou smear in women with genital condylomata.
CO2 laser for suppurative hidradenitis of the vulva.
A huge intracranial xanthogranuloma in the middle cranial fossa: case report.
Open preliminary clinical trial of clobetasol propionate ointment in adhesive paste for treatment of chronic oral vesiculoerosive diseases.
Tongue atrophy in mixed connective tissue disease.
Parasites of the skin and hair.
Compressive neuropathy of spinal nerve roots. A mechanical or biological problem?
Long-term outcome of massive small bowel resection.
The role of infections in the rheumatic diseases: molecular mimicry between bacterial and human stress proteins?
Microcystic adnexal carcinoma following radiotherapy in childhood.
Simultaneous development of insulin dependent diabetes mellitus and alopecia areata universalis.
Squamous cell carcinoma arising in a sternotomy scar.
Exacerbation of rheumatoid arthritis by sodium fluoride treatment of osteoporosis.
Immersion foot. A problem of the homeless in the 1990s.
Serum keratan sulfate. Quantitative and qualitative comparisons in inflammatory versus noninflammatory arthritides.
Eosinophil activation in systemic sclerosis.
Association of immunoglobulin Km and Gm allotypes with specific antinuclear antibodies and disease susceptibility among connective tissue disease patients.
The effects of cyclosporin A on eicosanoid excretion in patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
The mutations in the fibronectin gene described in Japanese patients with systemic sclerosis are not present in Dutch patients.
Symmetry of disciform scars in bilateral age-related macular degeneration.
Magnetic resonance imaging in the assessment of rheumatoid arthritis--a comparison with plain film radiographs.
Defects of the retinal pigment epithelium in scleroderma.
Is diet important in rheumatoid arthritis?
Circadian variations in the superoxide production, enzyme release and neutrophil aggregation in patients with rheumatoid arthritis and controls.
Autoimmune disease and HTLV-1 infection.
Pneumatosis intestinalis and pneumoperitoneum complicating mixed connective tissue disease.
Bone mineral content in patients with rheumatoid arthritis: relationship to low-dose steroid therapy.
Increased metacarpal bone mass following 18 months of slow-acting antirheumatic drugs for rheumatoid arthritis.
Superoxide anion hyperproduction by neutrophils in a case of myelodysplastic syndrome. Association with Sweet's syndrome and interstitial pneumonia.
Syringomatous squamous tumors of the breast.
Ranitidine in the treatment of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug associated gastric and duodenal ulcers.
Plasma histamine in patients with chronic renal failure and nephrotic syndrome.
Altered T cell subpopulations and lymphocytes expressing natural killer cell phenotypes in patients with progressive systemic sclerosis.
Airway responsiveness in atopic dermatitis.
Schnitzler's syndrome: a broader clinical spectrum.
Nerves in inflammatory synovium: immunohistochemical observations on the adjuvant arthritis rat model.
Peptide containing nerves in human synovium: immunohistochemical evidence for decreased innervation in rheumatoid arthritis.
Antibody to interleukin 1 inhibits the cartilage degradative and thymocyte proliferative actions of rheumatoid synovial culture medium.
Identifying subclasses of patients with rheumatoid arthritis through cluster analysis.
Onset of symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis in relation to age, sex and menopausal transition.
Clinical course and predictors of length of stay in hospitalized patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
Adverse experience with methotrexate during 176 weeks of a longterm prospective trial in patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
Radiologic progression during intramuscular methotrexate treatment of rheumatoid arthritis.
Rheumatoid disease resembling lung neoplasia.
A double-blind, randomized trial of 0.5% podofilox and placebo for the treatment of genital warts in women.
Cervical esophageal motility: evaluation with US in progressive systemic sclerosis.
Human papillomavirus segregation patterns in genital and nongenital warts in prepubertal children and adults.
Psammomatous melanotic schwannoma: an additional component of Carney's complex. Report of a case.
Cladosporium trichoides cerebral phaeohyphomycosis in a liver transplant recipient. Report of a case.
Histological study of white blood cells and their association with lipodermatosclerosis and venous ulceration.
Use of in vitro clonogenic assays to differentiate acquired from genetic causes of insulin resistance.
Differential synthesis of 5-lipoxygenase in peripheral blood and synovial fluid neutrophils in rheumatoid arthritis.
Epitopes of group A streptococcal M protein shared with antigens of articular cartilage and synovium.
Endoscopic re-establishment of membranous urethral disruption.
Hidradenoma papilliferum of the upper eyelid arising from the apocrine gland of Moll.
Ulcerated anogenital hemangioma of infancy.
Reconstruction of a compound facial deformity involving the columella, nasal base, and upper lip.
MR appearance of the distended iliopsoas bursa.
Facial nerve and medially invasive petrous bone cholesteatomas.
Pharmacokinetics of ceftazidime in serum and suction blister fluid during continuous and intermittent infusions in healthy volunteers.
Human monoclonal anti-basement membrane zone antibodies derived from virally transformed lymphocytes of a patient with bullous pemphigoid recognize epitopes associated with hemidesmosomes.
Simultaneous assessment of inflammation and epidermal proliferation in psoriatic plaques during long-term treatment with the vitamin D3 analogue MC903: modulations and interrelations.
Tissue kallikrein and kininogen in human sweat glands and psoriatic skin.
An immunohistological study of desmosomes in Darier's disease and Hailey-Hailey disease.
Sunscreen protection against UVB, UVA and blue light: an in vivo and in vitro comparison.
Sebaceous carcinoma: an unusual cause of a rapidly enlarging rhinophyma.
Adult lipophagic atrophic panniculitis.
Changes in patellofemoral compressive force after anterior or anteromedial displacement of tibial tuberosity for chondromalacia patellae.
Possible Behcet's disease revealed by pulmonary aneurysms.
Erythropoietic protoporphyria: unusual skin and neurological problems after liver transplantation.
Use of hearing aids by patients with closed mastoid cavity.
Mucosal wound and cicatricial stricture formation in the dog trachea: an experimental study.
Deficiency of the core proteins of dermatan sulphate proteoglycans in a variant form of Ehlers-Danlos syndrome.
Does fish oil protect renal function in cyclosporin-treated psoriasis patients?
Clinical follow-up and immunogenetic studies of 32 patients with eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome
Bile porphyrin analysis in the evaluation of variegate porphyria
Scar rupture in labour after previous lower uterine segment caesarean section: the role of uterine activity measurement.
Polycystic ovaries: do these represent a specific endocrinopathy?
Bilateral eyelid myxomas in Carney's complex.
Surgical management of primary hyperhidrosis.
Serum androsterone conjugates differentiate between acne and hirsutism in hyperandrogenic women.
Long-term assessment of the effects of circumferential truncal burns in pediatric patients on subsequent pregnancies.
Comparison of sequential cyproterone acetate/estrogen versus spironolactone/oral contraceptive in the treatment of hirsutism.
Immunohistologic and ultrastructural comparison of the dermal papilla and hair follicle bulb from "active" and "normal" areas of alopecia areata.
Neuropeptides enhance irritant and allergic contact dermatitis.
The expression of endothelial leukocyte adhesion molecule-1 (ELAM-1), intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1), and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1) in experimental cutaneous inflammation: a comparison of ultraviolet B erythema and delayed hypersensitivity.
Longterm cyclosporine therapy in rheumatoid arthritis.
Education level and rheumatoid arthritis: evidence from five data centers.
The relationship of pain and deformity of the rheumatoid foot to gait and an index of functional ambulation.
D-penicillamine toxicity in Greek patients with rheumatoid arthritis: anti-Ro(SSA) antibodies and cryoglobulinemia are predictive factors.
Production of platelet derived growth factor B chain (PDGF-B/c-sis) mRNA and immunoreactive PDGF B-like polypeptide by rheumatoid synovium: coexpression with heparin binding acidic fibroblast growth factor-1.
Stimulatory response towards the 65 kDa heat shock protein and other mycobacterial antigens in patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
Longterm treatment with nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs in rheumatoid arthritis: a prospective drug survival study.
Response to sulfasalazine in rheumatoid arthritis: life table analysis of a 5-year followup.
Is the beneficial effect of sulfasalazine due to inhibition of synovial neovascularization?
Fibronectin release by systemic sclerosis and normal dermal fibroblasts in response to TGF-beta.
Expression of osteonectin, decorin, and transforming growth factor-beta 1 genes in fibroblasts cultured from patients with systemic sclerosis and morphea.
Epidural lipomatosis as a cause of spinal cord compression in polymyalgia rheumatica.
Recurrent condylomata acuminata treated with recombinant interferon alfa-2a. A multicenter double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial. Condylomata International Collaborative Study Group.
Clinical doxorubicin chemomyectomy. An experimental treatment for benign essential blepharospasm and hemifacial spasm.
Treatment of bacterial skin and soft tissue infections.
Vesicoureteric reflux and renal injury.
Quantitative assessment of the age of fibrotic lesions using polarized light microscopy and digital image analysis.
Complement C4-derived monocyte-directed chemotaxis-inhibitory factor. A molecular mechanism to cause polymorphonuclear leukocyte-predominant infiltration in rheumatoid arthritis synovial cavities.
Envenomation by the puss caterpillar (Megalopyge opercularis).
Microtrapdoor flap repair of laryngeal and tracheal stenosis.
Topical tretinoin for treatment of photodamaged skin. A multicenter study.
Magnitude and duration of UV-B-induced tolerance.
Tretinoin accelerates healing after trichloroacetic acid chemical peel.
Epidemiological evidence of the association between lichen planus and two immune-related diseases. Alopecia areata and ulcerative colitis. Gruppo Italiano Studi Epidemiologici in Dermatologia.
Cutaneous silica granuloma. A rare entity or rarely diagnosed? Report of two cases with review of the literature.
Acquired perforating dermatosis. Transepidermal elimination of DNA material and possible role of leukocytes in pathogenesis.
Pachyonychia congenita tarda. A late-onset form of pachyonychia congenita.
Transient porphyrinemia in a liver transplant recipient.
Intractable ulcerating enterocolitis of infancy.
Treatment of rheumatoid arthritis with monoclonal CD4 antibody M-T151. Clinical results and immunopharmacologic effects in an open study, including repeated administration.
Diversity of rheumatoid synovial tissue T cells by T cell receptor analysis. Oligoclonal expansion in interleukin-2-responsive cells.
A variant of HLA-DR4 determines susceptibility to rheumatoid arthritis in a subset of Israeli Jews.
Increased interleukin-2 production in response to human type I collagen stimulation in patients with systemic sclerosis.
Evidence for autoimmunity in the tight skin mouse model of systemic sclerosis.
Systemic sclerosis associated with cutaneous exposure to solvent: case report and review of the literature.
Endoscopic transthoracic electrocautery of the sympathetic chain for palmar and axillary hyperhidrosis
Hailey-Hailey disease: a widespread abnormality of cell adhesion.
Histiocytes in Sweet's syndrome.
Absorption of hydrocortisone from the skin reservoir in atopic dermatitis.
PUVA treatment of psoriasis in the United Kingdom.
Relative efficacy of 335 and 365 nm radiation in photochemotherapy of psoriasis.
Juvenile spring eruption of the ears: a probable variant of polymorphic light eruption.
Polymorphic light eruption with contact and photocontact allergy.
Recurrent porokeratosis.
Acral pseudolymphomatous angiokeratoma of children (APACHE): a case report and immunohistological study.
Iliac insufficiency fractures.
Differential stimulation by oxygen-free-radical-altered immunoglobulin G of the production of superoxide and hydrogen peroxide by human polymorphonuclear leucocytes.
Small intestinal function and dietary status in dermatitis herpetiformis.
Cytokines in chronic inflammatory arthritis. VI. Analysis of the synovial cells involved in granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor production and gene expression in rheumatoid arthritis and its regulation by IL-1 and tumor necrosis factor-alpha.
Mode of growth of acquired cholesteatoma.
Histology of aural polyp as a predictor of middle ear disease activity.
Solitary keratoacanthoma of the nasal vestibule.
Transmetatarsal amputation: the role of adjunctive revascularization.
Posterior occipitocervical fusion. A preliminary report of a new technique.
Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia complicating low dose methotrexate treatment for rheumatoid arthritis.
Cardiopulmonary hemodynamics in systemic sclerosis and response to nifedipine and captopril.
Failure of vasoldilator infusion to alter pulmonary diffusing capacity in systemic sclerosis.
Influence of methotrexate and azathioprine on radiologic progression in rheumatoid arthritis. A randomized, double-blind study.
Expression of MHC class II antigens by conjunctival epithelial cells in trachoma: implications concerning the pathogenesis of blinding disease.
Human cervical epithelial cells that express HLA-DR associated with viral infection and activated mononuclear cell infiltrate.
Immunohistochemical demonstration of CD23 expression on lymphocytes in rheumatoid synovitis.
The prevention and management of postdermabrasion complications.
Excessive sweating: an uncommon sign of basilar artery occlusion.
Histopathologic features of the L-tryptophan-related eosinophilia-myalgia (fasciitis) syndrome
Features and outcome in meningococcal disease presenting with maculopapular rash.
Mastoid surgery in childhood.
Patterns of epithelial migration in the unaffected ear in patients with a history of unilateral cholesteatoma.
Oral melanoma and other pigmented lesions of the oral cavity.
Axillary granular parakeratosis.
Immunohistologic evaluation of the effect of cyclosporine treatment on the lichen planus immune infiltrate.
Eosinophil cationic protein in sera of patients with atopic dermatitis.
HLA typing in polymorphous light eruption.
Acitretin plus UVB therapy for psoriasis. Comparisons with placebo plus UVB and acitretin alone.
UVABA therapy for psoriasis. Efficacy with shortened treatment times with the combined use of coal tar, anthralin, and metal halide ultraviolet machines.
A 12-month treatment of severe psoriasis with acitretin: results of a Canadian open multicenter study.
Comparison of mometasone furoate 0.1% cream and hydrocortisone 1.0% cream in the treatment of childhood atopic dermatitis.
Lymphadenosis benigna cutis resulting from Borrelia infection (Borrelia lymphocytoma).
Diffuse melanosis in metastatic malignant melanoma.
Caseating cutaneous granulomas in a patient with X-linked infantile hypogammaglobulinemia.
HTLV-I-associated myelopathy in a patient with adult T-cell leukemia.
Detection of anti-basement membrane zone antibodies in bullous systemic lupus erythematosus.
Spontaneous carotid-cavernous fistulae in Ehlers-Danlos syndrome Type IV. Case report.
Angiographic management of retroperitoneal hemorrhage from renal angiomyolipoma in polycystic kidney disease.
The spectrum of IgE-mediated responses to latex.
Marfan syndrome is closely linked to a marker on chromosome 15q1.5----q2.1.
Efficacy of high voltage pulsed current for healing of pressure ulcers in patients with spinal cord injury.
Interrater reliability of videotaped observational gait-analysis assessments.
Acute intermittent porphyria with atypical neuropathy.
Postoperative external alimentary tract fistulas.
Atopic dermatitis provoked by AL721 in a patient with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Ultrastructural heterogeneity of epithelioid cells in cutaneous organized granulomas of diverse etiology
Immunoblot assay as an aid to the diagnoses of unclassified cases of pemphigus.
Disseminated hypopigmented keratoses.
Intermediate alpha 1-antitrypsin deficiency with apical lung bullae and spontaneous pneumothorax. Presence of a Z variant in an American black.
Local dermal hypersensitivity from dobutamine hydrochloride (Dobutrex solution) injection.
Polycystic ovarian disease: contribution of vaginal endosonography and reassessment of ultrasonic diagnosis.
Predictors of clinical response in hirsute women treated with spironolactone.
The Foot Function Index: a measure of foot pain and disability.
Recognition of human 60 kD heat shock protein by mononuclear cells from patients with juvenile chronic arthritis.
A technique for retinal pigment epithelium transplantation for age-related macular degeneration secondary to extensive subfoveal scarring.
Surgical treatment for a case of postoperative Pseudallescheria boydii endophthalmitis.
Sympathetically maintained pain of the digits in porphyria cutanea tarda relieved by i.v. regional guanethidine.
Lower limb problems in diabetic patients. What are the causes? What are the remedies?
Sun-related skin diseases.
Allergic and reactive dermatoses. How to identify and treat them [published erratum appears in Postgrad Med 1991 Aug;90(2):54]
Gastric emptying and interdigestive antroduodenal motility in patients with esophageal scleroderma.
The Carney complex with ocular signs suggestive of cardiac myxoma.
Erdheim-Chester disease. Case report with autopsy findings.
Evaluating the safety and potential use of a weight-bearing exercise, Tai-Chi Chuan, for rheumatoid arthritis patients.
Endemic pemphigus foliaceus in western Parana, Brazil (1976-1988). Cooperative Group for Fogo Selvagem Research.
The association of bullous pemphigoid and malignant disease: a case control study.
Linear IgA disease of adults: association with lymphoproliferative malignancy and possible role of other triggering factors.
Chronic urticaria and cancer: an epidemiological study of 1155 patients.
Fibroblast-keratinocyte interactions in psoriasis: failure of psoriatic fibroblasts to stimulate keratinocyte proliferation in vitro.
Assessment of a contact-plate sampling technique and subsequent quantitative bacterial studies in atopic dermatitis.
Eczematous infiltrated plaques to subcutaneous heparin: a type IV allergic reaction.
Regressing atypical histiocytosis and lymphomatoid papulosis: variants of the same disorder?
Morphological evidence for calcium-dependent association of calgranulin with the epidermal cytoskeleton in inflammatory dermatoses.
Clinical correlations and prognosis based on hyaluronic acid serum levels in patients with progressive systemic sclerosis.
Acute infectious erythemas in children: a clinico-microbiological study.
Are psoriatic patients at risk of heat intolerance?
The action spectrum between 320 and 400 nm for clearance of psoriasis by psoralen photochemotherapy.
A histopathological study of 643 cutaneous horns.
Abnormal erythemal response and elevated T lymphocyte HRPT mutant frequency in Cockayne's syndrome.

