
Hyponatraemia secondary to an inappropriately high release of antidiuretic hormone in cardiac tamponade.
Skin manifestations in congenital deficiency of leucocyte-adherence glycoproteins (CDLG).
Outcome of renal replacement treatment in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Failure of nutritional recovery after total gastrectomy.
Hypercalcemia in infants presenting with apnea.
Radiographic microcalcification and parenchymal patterns as indicators of histologic "high-risk" benign breast disease.
Two siblings with phenotypes mimicking peroxisomal disorders but with discordant biochemical findings.
Peripheral venous monitoring with acute blood volume alteration: cuff-occluded rate of rise of peripheral venous pressure.
Nutritional assessment and requirements.
Nature, nurture, nutrition: interdisciplinary programs to address the prevention of malnutrition and dehydration.
Hypokalemic and ECG sequelae of combined beta-agonist/diuretic therapy. Protection by conventional doses of spironolactone but not triamterene.
The starved colon--diminished mucosal nutrition, diminished absorption, and colitis.
Lack of cutaneous hyperemia in response to insulin-induced hypoglycemia in IDDM.
Is menarche associated with diabetic retinopathy?
Randomized crossover study of effect of resistance training on glycemic control, muscular strength, and cholesterol in type I diabetic men.
Impact of glucose self-monitoring on non-insulin-treated patients with type II diabetes mellitus. Randomized controlled trial comparing blood and urine testing.
Incidence of IDDM during 1984-1986 in population aged less than 30 yr. Residents of Turin, Italy.
Comparison of quantitative sensory-threshold measures for their association with foot ulceration in diabetic patients.
WHO Multinational Project for Childhood Diabetes. WHO Diamond Project Group.
Lack of effect of clonidine and pentoxifylline in short-term therapy of diabetic peripheral neuropathy.
Measuring vibration sensations with graduated tuning fork. Simple and reliable means to detect diabetic patients at risk of neuropathic foot ulceration.
Controlled study in diabetic children comparing insulin-dosage adjustment by manual and computer algorithms.
Complement-fixing antibodies to sympathetic and parasympathetic tissues in IDDM. Autonomic brake index and heart-rate variation.
Effects of fish oil supplements in NIDDM subjects. Controlled study.
Diabetes, hyperinsulinemia, and hyperlipidemia in small aboriginal community in northern Australia.
Periodontal disease and NIDDM in Pima Indians.
Impact of intensive educational approach to dietary change in NIDDM.
Effects of childbearing on glucose tolerance and NIDDM prevalence [published erratum appears in Diabetes Care 1990 Nov;13(11):1138]
Lowering of plasma glucose concentrations with bezafibrate in patients with moderately controlled NIDDM.
Development of IDDM after donating kidney to diabetic sibling.
Effect of isocaloric substitution of chocolate cake for potato in type I diabetic patients.
Relationship of psychiatric illness to impotence in men with diabetes.
Oral contraceptives in women with diabetes.
Sulfonylureas. Why, which, and how?
Effect of acarbose on carbohydrate and lipid metabolism in NIDDM patients poorly controlled by sulfonylureas.
Biguanides and sulfonylureas as combination therapy in NIDDM.
Metabolic effects of combination glipizide and human proinsulin treatment in NIDDM.
Combined insulin-sulfonylurea therapy in treatment of NIDDM.
Will sulfonylurea treatment of impaired glucose tolerance delay development and complications of NIDDM?
Secondary hypogonadism in hemochromatosis.
Insulin-mimetic effects of vanadate. Possible implications for future treatment of diabetes.
Association of elevated fasting C-peptide level and increased intra-abdominal fat distribution with development of NIDDM in Japanese-American men.
Absence of angiogenesis-inhibitory activity in aqueous humor of diabetic rabbits.
Effect of hyperinsulinemia and hyperglycemia on intracellular glucose and fat metabolism in healthy subjects.
Leucine metabolism in IDDM. Role of insulin and substrate availability.
Polymorphisms of HepG2/erythrocyte glucose-transporter gene. Linkage relationships and implications for genetic analysis of NIDDM.
Absence of brown product FFI in nondiabetic and diabetic rat collagen.
Family of glucose-transporter genes. Implications for glucose homeostasis and diabetes.
Effect of cyclosporin on generalized Shwartzman reaction in diabetic rats.
HLA-DQ beta sequence polymorphism and genetic susceptibility to IDDM.
A unified hypothesis for the complex genetics of HLA associations with IDDM.
Differences in lipoprotein subfraction composition and distribution between type I diabetic men and control subjects.
Increased preproinsulin mRNA in pancreatic islets incubated with islet cell-stimulating antibodies from serums of type I diabetic patients.
Heart-rate variability and cardiac autonomic function in diabetes.
Fasting and postprandial concentrations of somatostatin-28 and somatostatin-14 in type II diabetes in men.
Strong association between diabetes and displacement of mouse anti-rat insulinoma cell monoclonal antibody by human serum in vitro.
Actions of novel antidiabetic agent englitazone in hyperglycemic hyperinsulinemic ob/ob mice.
Physiological and pharmacological stimulation of pancreatic islet hormone secretion in type I diabetic pancreas allograft recipients.
Insulinomimetic properties of trace elements and characterization of their in vivo mode of action.
Limited duration of remission of insulin dependency in children with recent overt type I diabetes treated with low-dose cyclosporin.
Biochemical studies of RT6 alloantigens in BB/Wor and normal rats. Evidence for intact unexpressed RT6a structural gene in diabetes-prone BB rats.
Genetic control by I-A subregion in H-2 complex of incidence of streptozocin-induced autoimmune diabetes in mice.
Diabetes and the myo-inositol paradox.
Effect of weight reduction on hepatic abnormalities in overweight patients.
The uncoupling of biliary lipid from bile acid secretion by organic anions in the rat.
Misdiagnosis of the Zollinger-Ellison syndrome due to hyperlipidemia.
Practical nutritional advice for the elderly, Part I: Evaluation, supplements, RDAs. A geriatrics panel discussion.
Biliary calcium and gallstone formation.
Hyponatremia in rats induces downregulation of vasopressin synthesis.
Relationship between the content of lysyl oxidase-dependent cross-links in skin collagen, nonenzymatic glycosylation, and long-term complications in type I diabetes mellitus.
Induction of renal growth and injury in the intact rat kidney by dietary deficiency of antioxidants.
Chylomicron remnant clearance from the plasma is normal in familial hypercholesterolemic homozygotes with defined receptor defects.
Regulation of parathyroid hormone gene expression by hypocalcemia, hypercalcemia, and vitamin D in the rat.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus and periodontal disease.
Promoting adherence to low-fat, low-cholesterol diets: review and recommendations.
Suppression of urinary albumin excretion in diabetic rats by 4'(imidazol-1-yl) acetophenone, a selective inhibitor of thromboxane synthesis.
Community screening for hypercholesterolemia.
The relationship of antibody levels to the clinical spectrum of human neurocysticercosis.
Estimating the benefits of cholesterol lowering: are risk factors for coronary heart disease multiplicative?
Hospitalization experience of Navajo subjects with type II diabetes and matched controls: an historical cohort study.
Body mass index and 15-year mortality in a cohort of black men and women.
Postlaminectomy ossified extradural pseudocyst. Case report.
HMPAO-SPECT imaging resembling Alzheimer-type dementia in mitochondrial encephalomyopathy with lactic acidosis and stroke-like episodes (MELAS).
Effects of excess dietary tyrosine on cholesterol, bile acid metabolism and mixed-function oxidase system in rats.
Effect of vitamin C depletion on serum cholesterol and lipoprotein levels in ODS (od/od) rats unable to synthesize ascorbic acid.
Ascorbic acid effects on vitamin D hormone metabolism and binding in guinea pigs.
Vitamin A deficiency decreases natural killer cell activity and interferon production in rats.
Normalization of plasma arginine vasopressin concentrations when children with meningitis are given maintenance plus replacement fluid therapy
Renovascular beta adrenergic hypersensitivity and hyperinsulinemia in rats with dietary-induced obesity.
Trigger finger in young patients with insulin dependent diabetes.
Splinter hemorrhages as a possible clinical manifestation of cholesterol crystal embolization.
Rapidly progressive calcific periarthritis occurring in a patient with lupus nephritis receiving chronic ambulatory peritoneal dialysis.
Differential effects of alpha and beta adrenergic blockade on glucose and lactate metabolism during acute stress.
Transmission of HIV-1 infections from mothers to infants in Haiti. Impact on childhood mortality and malnutrition. The CDS/JHU AIDS Project Team.
The metabolic consequences of a "washed" cardiopulmonary bypass pump-priming fluid in children undergoing cardiac operations.
Peroxisomal disorders.
Effect of long-term monitoring of glycosylated hemoglobin levels in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus
Plasma prorenin activity and complications in children with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus
A prospective study of the development of diabetes in relatives of patients with insulin-dependent diabetes.
Increased high-density lipoprotein levels caused by a common cholesteryl-ester transfer protein gene mutation.
Minor congenital malformations in infants of insulin-dependent diabetic women: association with poor glycemic control.
Diabetes insipidus associated with craniopharyngioma in pregnancy.
Phenobarbital and cerebral blood flow during hypertension in the newborn beagle.
Rapid intravenous rehydration in the pediatric emergency department
Worldwide differences in the incidence of type I diabetes are associated with amino acid variation at position 57 of the HLA-DQ beta chain.
Adoptive transfer of autoimmune diabetes and thyroiditis to athymic rats.
Progression of diabetic autonomic neuropathy over a decade in insulin-dependent diabetics.
Hyponatraemia in patients with cirrhosis.
Natural history and cardiac manifestations of homozygous familial hypercholesterolaemia.
Defect in thermoregulation in malnutrition reversed by weight gain. Physiological mechanisms and clinical importance.
The prevalence and risk factors associated with the onset of diabetic nephropathy in juvenile-onset (insulin-dependent) diabetics diagnosed under the age of 17 years in Leicestershire 1930-1985.
Scapholunate advanced collapse: a common wrist abnormality in calcium pyrophosphate dihydrate crystal deposition disease.
Anxiety levels and cancer fear in patients admitted for elective operations.
Synergistic effects of psyllium in the dietary treatment of hypercholesterolemia.
Surgical management of islet cell dysmaturation syndrome in young children.
Results of vein graft reconstruction of the lower extremity in diabetic and nondiabetic patients.
Beneficial effects of fetal liver tissue on fetal pancreatic transplantation.
Assessment of cardiac function in patients who were morbidly obese.
The changing epidemiology of diabetes mellitus among Navajo Indians.
Overview of hemochromatosis.
Desmopressin for diabetes insipidus, hemostatic disorders and enuresis.
Renal effects of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibition in congestive heart failure.
Aortic calcified plaques and cardiovascular disease (the Framingham Study).
Serial evaluation of lipid profiles and risk factors for development of hyperlipidemia after cardiac transplantation.
Liver pathology in morbidly obese patients with and without diabetes.
Protein-losing enteropathy in systemic lupus erythematosus associated with intestinal lymphangiectasia.
Hyperkalemia in the elderly.
Geriatric diabetic nephropathy: an analysis of renal referral in patients age 60 or older.
Diabetes mellitus and hypertension.
Haplotype analysis of the human apolipoprotein B mutation associated with familial defective apolipoprotein B100.
Definitive prenatal diagnosis for type III glycogen storage disease.
Alkaline phosphatase (tissue-nonspecific isoenzyme) is a phosphoethanolamine and pyridoxal-5'-phosphate ectophosphatase: normal and hypophosphatasia fibroblast study.
Pseudohypophosphatasia: aberrant localization and substrate specificity of alkaline phosphatase in cultured skin fibroblasts.
Deletion mapping of Aland Island eye disease to Xp21 between DXS67 (B24) and Duchenne muscular dystrophy.
Effect of dietary protein restriction on functional renal reserve in diabetic nephropathy.
High infectious morbidity in pregnant women with insulin-dependent diabetes: an understated complication.
Long-term maternal-fetal exposure to high-low insulin concentrations alter liver but not brain insulin receptors.
Immunopathology of diabetes in the RT6-depleted diabetes-resistant BB/Wor rat.
Neuromuscular effects of respiratory and metabolic acid-base changes in vitro with and without nondepolarizing muscle relaxants.
Effect of high-dose furosemide in refractory congestive heart failure.
Use of Doppler flow velocity waveform analysis in detection of initial diabetic microangiopathy.
Brain water content, brain blood volume, blood chemistry, and pathology in a model of cerebral edema.
A prospective assessment of the Garren-Edwards Gastric Bubble and bariatric surgery in the treatment of morbid obesity.
Branch retinal vein occlusion: the pathogenetic role of blood viscosity.
Relation of hyperglycemia early in ischemic brain infarction to cerebral anatomy, metabolism, and clinical outcome.
Acute gastroenteritis in infants under 6 months old.
Cystic tumors of the pancreas. New clinical, radiologic, and pathologic observations in 67 patients.
Fast and effective treatment of malignant hypercalcemia. Combination of suppositories of calcitonin and a single infusion of 3-amino 1-hydroxypropylidene-1-bisphosphonate.
Immediate breast reconstruction following mastectomy is as safe as mastectomy alone.
Utility of computed tomography for surveillance of small abdominal aortic aneurysms. Preliminary report.
Reoperative surgery for the morbidly obese. A university experience.
X-linked spinal muscular atrophy (Kennedy's syndrome). A kindred with hypobetalipoproteinemia.
Episodic hyperammonemia in adult siblings with hyperornithinemia, hyperammonemia, and homocitrullinuria syndrome.
Assessment of vitamin A status by a disk applicator for conjunctival impression cytology.
S-antigen. Identification of human T-cell lymphocyte proliferation sites.
Effects of felodipine on urinary albumin excretion and metabolic control in hypertensive non-insulin-dependent diabetics.
Abnormal diastolic function in patients with type 1 diabetes and early nephropathy.
Extradural abscess following local anaesthetic and steroid injection for chronic low back pain.
Biometry of the crystalline lens in early-onset diabetes
The electroretinogram in minimal diabetic retinopathy.
Sodium-lithium countertransport activity in red cells of patients with insulin dependent diabetes and nephropathy and their parents
Unawareness of hypoglycaemia and inadequate hypoglycaemic counterregulation: no causal relation with diabetic autonomic neuropathy
Chronic dehydration stone disease.
Early detection and treatment of hyperlipidemia: physician practices in Canada.
Parathyroid hormone-like peptide in normal and neoplastic mesothelial cells.
Death at cardiac catheterization: coronary artery embolization of calcium debris from Ionescu-Shiley bioprosthesis.
Hyperkalaemia during rapid blood transfusion and hypovolaemic cardiac arrest in children.
Recent progress in understanding apolipoprotein B.
Low-dose lovastatin safely lowers cholesterol after cardiac transplantation.
Diabetic patients have abnormal cerebral autoregulation during cardiopulmonary bypass.
Acute deterioration of renal function associated with enteric hyperoxaluria.
Urinary excretion of albumin and enzymes in non-insulin-dependent Chinese diabetics.
Effects of lovastatin in diabetic patients treated with chlorpropamide.
Hypocalcemia and hypercalcitoninemia in critically ill children.
Pulmonary malignant angioendotheliomatosis. Presentation with fever and syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone.
Dynamic CT scanning of pancreatic duct after secretin provocation in pancreas divisum.
Insulin use in NIDDM. Rationale based on pathophysiology of disease.
Insulin administration via liposomes.
Monomeric insulins and their experimental and clinical implications.
Devices for insulin administration.
Role of insulin in management of surgical patients with diabetes mellitus.
Natural history of beta-cell dysfunction in NIDDM.
Alcoholic ketoacidosis.
Electrolyte abnormalities in the alcoholic patient.
Involvement of epidermal growth factor deficiency in pathogenesis of oligozoospermia in streptozotocin-induced diabetic mice.
Small intestinal fatty acid synthesis is increased in diabetic rats.
Mapping genes in diabetes. Genetic epidemiological perspective.
Reduced insulinotropic effects of glucagonlike peptide I-(7-36)-amide and gastric inhibitory polypeptide in isolated perfused diabetic rat pancreas.
Marked improvement of glucose homeostasis in diabetic ob/ob mice given oral vanadate.
Short-term administration of captopril and nifedipine and exercise-induced albuminuria in normotensive diabetic patients with early-stage nephropathy.
Abnormal redox status without increased lipid peroxidation in sugar cataract.
Anti-islet cell antibodies from NOD mice.
Characteristics of learning and memory in streptozocin-induced diabetic mice.
Inhibition of hepatic glucose production by SDZ 51641.
Insulinlike activity of new antidiabetic agent CP 68722 in 3T3-L1 adipocytes.
Autoxidative glycosylation and possible involvement of peroxides and free radicals in LDL modification by glucose.
Insulin and hypertension. Relationship to obesity and glucose intolerance in Pima Indians.
Defective free-fatty acid and oxidative glucose metabolism in IDDM during hypoglycemia. Influence of glycemic control.
Metabolic effects of hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia on fate of intracellular glucose in NIDDM.
Calcitonin gene-related peptide and induction of hyperglycemia in conscious rats in vivo.
Change in hexose distribution volume and fractional utilization of [18F]-2-deoxy-2-fluoro-D-glucose in brain during acute hypoglycemia in humans.
Is insulinlike growth factor I associated with diabetic retinopathy?
Altered steady-state mRNA levels of basement membrane proteins in diabetic mouse kidneys and thromboxane synthase inhibition.
Lack of predictive value of islet cell antibodies, insulin antibodies, and HLA-DR phenotype for remission in cyclosporin-treated IDDM patients. The Canadian-European Randomized Control Trial Group.
Contribution of impaired muscle glucose clearance to reduced postabsorptive systemic glucose clearance in NIDDM.
Hepatic and extrahepatic responses to insulin in NIDDM and nondiabetic humans. Assessment in absence of artifact introduced by tritiated nonglucose contaminants.
Inducement by fat feeding of basal hyperglycemia in rats with abnormal beta-cell function. Model for study of etiology and pathogenesis of NIDDM.
Reduced membrane fluidity in platelets from diabetic patients.
Relationship between blood pressure and urinary albumin excretion in development of microalbuminuria.
Insulin-receptor autophosphorylation and endogenous substrate phosphorylation in human adipocytes from control, obese, and NIDDM subjects.
Induction of insulin resistance in vivo by amylin and calcitonin gene-related peptide.
High frequency of aspartic acid at position 57 of HLA-DQ beta-chain in Japanese IDDM patients and nondiabetic subjects.
Adaptive hyperphagia in patients with postsurgical malabsorption.
Fatty liver hepatitis (steatohepatitis) and obesity: an autopsy study with analysis of risk factors.
Close correlation of intra-abdominal fat accumulation to hypertension in obese women.
Effects of exercise on insulin-induced hypoglycemia.
Total knee arthroplasty in obese patients.
Aneurysmal dilatation in saphenous vein bypass grafts.
Glucose and gluconeogenic substrate exchange by the forearm skeletal muscle in hyperglycemic and insulin-treated type II diabetic patients.
Effect of central obesity on regulation of carbohydrate metabolism in obese patients with varying degrees of glucose tolerance.
Primary hyperparathyroidism and severe hypercalcemia with low circulating 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D.
Beta-cell cytoadherent lymphocytes in some subjects at risk for type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes: progression to diabetes within 2 years.
Increased overnight growth hormone concentrations in diabetic compared with normal adolescents.
Clinical review 16: Parathyroid hormone-related proteins: coming of age in the 1990s.
Association of fasting glucose levels with a delayed secretion of insulin after oral glucose in subjects with glucose intolerance.
Impaired growth hormone (GH) response to pyridostigmine in type 1 diabetic patients with exaggerated GH-releasing hormone-stimulated GH secretion.
Adrenal medullitis in type I diabetes.
Changes in basal and stimulated growth hormone secretion in the aging rhesus monkey: a comparison of chair restraint and tether and vest sampling.
Brain glucose metabolism in noninsulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: a study in Pima Indians using positron emission tomography during hyperinsulinemia with euglycemic glucose clamp.
Androgen response to endogenous insulin secretion during the frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test in normal and hyperandrogenic women.
Folate status of adolescents: effects of folic acid supplementation.
The effects of moderate exercise training on nutrient intake in mildly obese women.
Cholesterol screening in 5,719 self-referred elderly subjects.
Conjugated catecholamines in human plasma: where are they coming from?
Deposits of crystalline material containing silicon in surgically excised human valves.
Central nervous system involvement in nephropathic cystinosis.
Lambert Eaton syndrome: autonomic neuropathy and inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion in a patient with small cell carcinoma of the lung.
Reflections on the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force recommendations for screening for hypertension and hypercholesterolemia.
Pedunculated soft-tissue mass on the alveolar gingiva [clinical conference]
Rhabdomyolysis and acute renal failure associated with cocaine abuse.
Visual impairment in a rural Appalachian community. Prevalence and causes.
Ten-year follow-up of behavioral, family-based treatment for obese children
Primary hypertriglyceridemia with borderline high cholesterol and elevated apolipoprotein B concentrations. Comparison of gemfibrozil vs lovastatin therapy
Is exogenous fructose metabolism truly insulin independent?
Role of enhanced glomerular synthesis of thromboxane A2 in progressive kidney disease.
Removal of an inorganic acid load in subjects with ketoacidosis of chronic fasting.
Parathyroid hormone-related peptide in plasma of patients with hypercalcemia and malignant lesions
Effect of short-term intermittent antibiotic treatment on growth of Burmese (Myanmar) village children.
Cerebral malaria in children
Daily pattern of %VO2max and heart rates in normal and undernourished school children.
The accuracy of self-reports of physical activity.
Time course of sprouting during muscle reinnervation in vitamin E-deficient rats.
An unusual complication of silastic dural substitute: case report.
Electron transfer flavoprotein: ubiquinone oxidoreductase (ETF:QO) deficiency in an adult.
Argon versus krypton panretinal photocoagulation side effects on the anterior segment.
Central visual field changes after panretinal photocoagulation in proliferative diabetic retinopathy.
Retinal sensitivity in acute hypoglycemia.
Argon green (514 nm) versus krypton red (647 nm) modified grid laser photocoagulation for diffuse diabetic macular edema.
Nitrendipine-induced gingival hyperplasia. First case report.
Case-control study of Cryptosporidium parvum infection in Peruvian children hospitalized for diarrhea: possible association with malnutrition and nosocomial infection.
Dexamethasone effects on the hospital course of infants with bronchopulmonary dysplasia who are dependent on artificial ventilation.
Pulmonary and acid-base assessment.
Organ-specific and systemic autoimmune diseases originate from defects in hematopoietic stem cells.
Temporary amelioration of hyperlipidemia in low density lipoprotein receptor-deficient rabbits transplanted with genetically modified hepatocytes.
Molecular mapping of the mouse db mutation.
Therapy for hypercholesterolemia.
Asian osteomalacia is determined by dietary factors when exposure to ultraviolet radiation is restricted: a risk factor model
Hypercalcitoninemia, hypocalcemia, and toxic shock syndrome.
A case of group B streptococcal pyomyositis
Underexpression of beta cell high Km glucose transporters in noninsulin-dependent diabetes [published erratum appears in Science 1990 Nov 30;250(4985):1195]
Primary prevention of coronary artery disease through a family-oriented cardiac risk factor clinic.
Pursuing mild elevations of liver enzyme values to exclude hemochromatosis.
Hypercalcemia as a clinical prodrome to lymphoma.
Pseudohypoglycemia in adult victims of adolescent incest.
The predictive value of needle localization mammographically assisted biopsy of the breast.
Calcifications of the breast after reduction mammoplasty.
Disc swelling in an adult diabetic patient [clinical conference]
Severe primary hyperparathyroidism in a neonate having a parent with hypercalcemia: treatment by total parathyroidectomy and simultaneous heterotopic autotransplantation.
Nutritional rickets.
Approaching the protein-sparing modified fast.
Silent myocardial ischemia and infarction in diabetics with peripheral vascular disease: assessment by dipyridamole thallium-201 scintigraphy.
Cardiac fluoroscopy for the diagnosis of coronary artery disease: a meta analytic review.
Is obesity-related hypertension less of a cardiovascular risk? The Framingham Study.
Maintenance and relapse after weight loss in women: behavioral aspects.
Obesity and iron status in menstruating women.
Dietary predictors of symptom-associated gallstones in middle-aged women.
Urinary organic acid excretion during feeding of medium-chain or long-chain triglyceride diets in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Cholesterol-lowering effect of skim milk from immunized cows in hypercholesterolemic patients.
Cholesterol-lowering effects of soluble-fiber cereals as part of a prudent diet for patients with mild to moderate hypercholesterolemia.
Continuous glucose for treatment of patients with type 1 glycogen-storage disease: comparison of the effects of dextrose and uncooked cornstarch on biochemical variables.
Physical growth and development of children with type 1 glycogen-storage disease: comparison of the effects of long-term use of dextrose and uncooked cornstarch.
Vitamin A status in preschool-age Indonesian children as assessed by the modified relative-dose-response assay.
Effects of fish-oil ingestion on cardiovascular risk factors in hyperlipidemic subjects in Israel: a randomized, double-blind crossover study.
Self-reported weight and height.
Evidence for a secular change in obesity, height, and weight among Navajo Indian schoolchildren.
Aggressive oral refeeding in hospitalized patients.
Etiology of hypercalcemia in hemodialysis patients on calcium carbonate therapy.
The renal concentrating defect associated with potassium depletion is independent of prostaglandin E2.
Temporary loss of limb function secondary to soft tissue calcification in a patient with rhabdomyolysis-induced acute renal failure.
Does magnesium play a role in the hypokalemia of Bartter's syndrome?
The NT 1311 polymorphism of G6PD: G6PD Mediterranean mutation may have originated independently in Europe and Asia.
Origin and spread of the glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase variant (G6PD-Mediterranean) in the Middle East.
Contrast nephropathy in azotemic diabetic patients undergoing coronary angiography.
An assault on old friends: thiazide diuretics under siege.
Prevalence and determinants of estrogen replacement therapy in elderly women.
Prenatal diagnosis of fetal intracranial calcifications.
Behavioral covariates of waist-to-hip ratio in Rancho Bernardo.
Pouch outlet obstruction following vertical ring gastroplasty for morbid obesity.
Hypothermia and acidosis worsen coagulopathy in the patient requiring massive transfusion.
Anaesthetic problems in ex situ resection of the liver.
The delta (delta) gap: an approach to mixed acid-base disorders
Ponderal index as a predictor of postoperative complications.
Serum and tissue magnesium concentrations in patients with heart failure and serious ventricular arrhythmias.
Slow glucose removal rate and hyperinsulinemia precede the development of type II diabetes in the offspring of diabetic parents.
High blood cholesterol in elderly men and the excess risk for coronary heart disease.
Amniotic fluid insulin concentration as a predictor of obesity.
Acute hypercalcemic crisis after an open heart operation.
Ultrasonic debridement during mitral valve reconstruction for calcified mitral stenosis.
Easy dissection of hard and thickened pericardium on constrictive pericarditis.
Hyperammonemic encephalopathy in urinary diversion with urea-splitting urinary tract infection.
Treatment of severe reactive hypoglycemia with a somatostatin analogue (SMS 201-995).
Lovastatin. Warfarin interaction.
The influence of hyperglycemia and diabetes mellitus on immediate and 3-month morbidity and mortality after acute stroke.
Unusual cerebral manifestations in hereditary fructose intolerance.
A subluxing arthropathy associated with the anti-Jo-1 antibody in polymyositis/dermatomyositis.
Quantitative histologic study of the sural nerve in Lesch-Nyhan syndrome.
Structure and distribution of an Alu-type deletion mutation in Sandhoff disease.
Reduced beta-cell glucose transporter in new onset diabetic BB rats.
The need for accurate nutrition survey methodology: the South Carolina experience.
Folate status assessment.
The importance of context in choosing nutritional indicators.
On the metallothionein, glutathione and cysteine relationship in rat liver.
Regression of coronary atherosclerosis during treatment of familial hypercholesterolemia with combined drug regimens.
Beneficial effects of colestipol-niacin on coronary atherosclerosis. A 4-year follow-up.
Use of cholesterol measurements in childhood for the prediction of adult hypercholesterolemia. The Muscatine Study
Cholesterol and coronary heart disease. Future directions.
Increased testosterone in type I diabetic subjects with severe retinopathy.
Indications and results of relaxing retinotomy.
Emergent signs of cancer. Recognizing them early in the office or ER.
Mixed form, diffusely scattered calcifications in breast cancer with apocrine features
Diet-induced hypercholesterolemia in mice: prevention by overexpression of LDL receptors.
Angiographic progression to total coronary occlusion in hyperlipidemic patients after acute myocardial infarction. POSCH Group.
Growth in obese children treated for obesity.
The influence of renal function on diabetic foot ulceration.
The macular photostress test in diabetic retinopathy and age-related macular degeneration.
Ticlopidine treatment reduces the progression of nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy. The TIMAD Study Group.
L-arginine augments endothelium-dependent vasodilation in cholesterol-fed rabbits.
Risk factors for the development of osteoarthrosis of the knee.
Insulin-mimicking anti-idiotypic antibodies in development of spontaneous autoimmune diabetes in BB/E rats.
Allelic variants at insulin-receptor and insulin gene loci and susceptibility to NIDDM in Welsh population.
Increased susceptibility to hypoxia of prolonged action potential duration in ventricular papillary muscles from diabetic rats.
Experimental diabetes increases insulinlike growth factor I and II receptor concentration and gene expression in kidney.
Distribution of elements and water in peripheral nerve of streptozocin-induced diabetic rats.
Multigenic basis for type I diabetes. Association of HRAS1 polymorphism with HLA-DR3, DQw2/DR4, DQw8.
Influence of obesity, impaired glucose tolerance, and NIDDM on LDL structure and composition. Possible link between hyperinsulinemia and atherosclerosis.
Polymorphisms of GLUT2 and GLUT4 genes. Use in evaluation of genetic susceptibility to NIDDM in blacks.
Role of two types of glucose transporters in enlarged adipocytes from aged obese rats.
Mild hypoglycemia and impairment of brain stem and cortical evoked potentials in healthy subjects.
Recognition of hypertension and abnormal blood pressure burden with ambulatory blood pressure recordings in type I diabetes mellitus.
Changes in phosphoinositide turnover, Ca2+ mobilization, and protein phosphorylation in platelets from NIDDM patients.
Tumor necrosis factor-increased hepatic very-low-density lipoprotein production and increased serum triglyceride levels in diabetic rats.
Nephropathy in model combining genetic hypertension with experimental diabetes. Enalapril versus hydralazine and metoprolol therapy.
Coupling of beta-cell desensitization by hyperglycemia to excessive stimulation and circulating insulin in glucose-infused rats.
Hydroquinone-induced localized exogenous ochronosis treated with dermabrasion and CO2 laser.
The association of xerostomia and inadequate intake in older adults.
Management of hypercholesterolemia in a family practice setting.
Liver disease in alpha-1-antitrypsin deficiency: prognostic indicators.
Late-onset ornithine transcarbamylase deficiency in male patients [published erratum appears in J Pediatr 1991 Feb;118(2):326]
Obesity and vaginal hysterectomy.
Lovastatin decreases coenzyme Q levels in humans.
Acylation-stimulatory activity in hyperapobetalipoproteinemic fibroblasts: enhanced cholesterol esterification with another serum basic protein, BP II.
Evaluation of metastatic cardiac calcification in a model of chronic primary hyperparathyroidism.
Testicular calcifications and neoplasia in patient treated for subfertility.
Screening 1140 fifth graders for hypercholesterolemia: family history inadequate to predict results
The relation of serum cholesterol to risk of coronary heart disease: implications for the elderly.
Clinical evaluation of high-frequency (ultrasonic) mechanical debridement in the surgical treatment of calcific aortic stenosis.
Effect of delayed captopril therapy on left ventricular mass and myonecrosis during acute coxsackievirus murine myocarditis.
Southern blood club symposium: an update on selected aspects of hemochromatosis.
Glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency and cataract of patients in northern Sardinia.
Short stature, mental retardation, and hypoparathyroidism: a new syndrome.
Hyperinsulinaemic hypoglycaemia in small for dates babies.
Indomethacin responsive hypercalcaemia associated with a renal sarcoma.
Endocrine function and morphological findings in patients with disorders of the hypothalamo-pituitary area: a study with magnetic resonance.
Can prepregnancy care of diabetic women reduce the risk of abnormal babies?
Mechanisms of impaired growth hormone secretion in genetically obese Zucker rats: roles of growth hormone-releasing factor and somatostatin.
Depletion of alcohol (hexanol) dehydrogenase activity in the epidermis and jejunal mucosa in Sjogren-Larsson syndrome.
Effacement of glomerular foot processes in kwashiorkor.
Transfer of diabetes in mice prevented by blockade of adhesion-promoting receptor on macrophages.
Health of homeless children and housed, poor children.
Response to diet and cholestyramine in a patient with sitosterolemia.
Immunological evidence for the accumulation of lipoprotein(a) in the atherosclerotic lesion of the hypoascorbemic guinea pig.
Morbidly obese patients' perceptions of social discrimination before and after surgery for obesity.
Physician documentation of diabetes care: use of a diabetes flow sheet and patient education clinic.
Screening for slight albuminuria: a comparison of selected commercially available methods.
Cigarette smoking, adiposity, non-insulin-dependent diabetes, and coronary heart disease in Japanese-American men.
Hypoglycemia alters striatal amino acid efflux in perinatal rats: an in vivo microdialysis study.
Biomaterial calcification without direct material-cell interaction.
In vivo rheologic effects of lipid apheresis techniques: comparison of dextran sulfate LDL adsorption and heparin induced LDL precipitation.
Long-term efficacy of Al3+ for prevention of bioprosthetic heart valve calcification.
A new bioprosthetic cardiac valve with reduced calcification.
Detailed examination of complete bioprosthetic heart valves.
Benefit of bicarbonate dialysis during CAVHD.
Therapeutic effects of simvastatin on hyperlipidemia in CAPD patients.
An efficient method for removing bilirubin.
Effect of beta cell distribution on the performance of a bioartificial pancreas.
An implanted peritoneal oxygen tonometer that can be calibrated in situ.
The effect of established and gestational diabetes on pregnancy outcome.
Famine in southern Ethiopia 1985-6: population structure, nutritional state, and incidence of death among children.
Management of "brittle" diabetes with a preprogrammable implanted insulin pump delivering intraperitoneal insulin.
Anorexia in older patients: its meaning and management.
Developmental adaptations in cytosolic phosphate content and pH regulation in the sheep heart in vivo.
Carbohydrate malabsorption. Its measurement and its contribution to diarrhea.
Glucagon, catecholamine and pancreatic polypeptide secretion in type I diabetic recipients of pancreas allografts.
Lack of 3 beta-hydroxy-delta 5-C27-steroid dehydrogenase/isomerase in fibroblasts from a child with urinary excretion of 3 beta-hydroxy-delta 5-bile acids. A new inborn error of metabolism.
Mechanism of increased gluconeogenesis in noninsulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Role of alterations in systemic, hepatic, and muscle lactate and alanine metabolism.
Increased hepatic mitochondrial capacity in rats with hydroxy-cobalamin[c-lactam]-induced methylmalonic aciduria.
Familial hypercatabolic hypoproteinemia. A disorder of endogenous catabolism of albumin and immunoglobulin.
Hyperglycemia-induced B cell toxicity. The fate of pancreatic islets transplanted into diabetic mice is dependent on their genetic background.
Serum lipoproteins, apolipoproteins and very low density lipoprotein subfractions during 6-month fibrate treatment in primary hypertriglyceridaemia.
Continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (CSII), multiple injections (MI) and conventional insulin therapy (CT) in self-selecting insulin-dependent diabetic patients. A comparison of metabolic control, acute complications and patient preferences.
Diagnostic applicability of intact and midregion/C-terminal parathyroid hormone assays in calcium metabolic disorders.
Coronary artery disease in Chinese males without hypercholesterolaemia
Elevation of skeletal muscle isoform of serum creatine kinase in heterozygous familial hypercholesterolaemia.
Metabolic control and complications over 3 years in patients with insulin dependent diabetes (IDDM): the Stockholm Diabetes Intervention Study (SDIS).
Bartter's syndrome and diabetes mellitus.
Serum uric acid correlates in elderly men and women with special reference to body composition and dietary intake (Dutch Nutrition Surveillance System).
An inconsistent relationship between insulin and blood pressure in three Pacific island populations.
HLA antigens and nailfold capillary microscopy studies in patients with insulin dependent and noninsulin dependent diabetes mellitus and limited joint mobility.
Unresectable calcified bladder tumor: hemiacidrin irrigation as an adjunct to resection.
Genetic defects in lipoprotein metabolism. Elevation of atherogenic lipoproteins caused by impaired catabolism.
Acute water intoxication as a complication of urine drug testing in the workplace
Fatal hypernatremia from exogenous salt intake: report of a case and review of the literature [published erratum appears in Mayo Clin Proc 1991 Apr;66(4):439]
Molecular basis of different forms of metachromatic leukodystrophy
Effect of restricting dietary protein on the progression of renal failure in patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus
Aldosterone synthesis in salt-wasting congenital adrenal hyperplasia with complete absence of adrenal 21-hydroxylase.
Infertility-associated endometrial cancer risk may be limited to specific subgroups of infertile women.
Patient experience in a diabetic program project improves subsequent pregnancy outcome.
Immediate postoperative mammogram for failed surgical excision of breast lesions
Effect of chronic alcohol administration on transketolase in the brain and the liver of rats.
Influence of breakfasts with different nutrient contents on glucose, C peptide, insulin, glucagon, triglycerides, and GIP in non-insulin-dependent diabetics.
Protein metabolism in obesity: effects of body fat distribution and hyperinsulinemia on leucine turnover.
Effect of trestatin, an amylase inhibitor, incorporated into bread, on glycemic responses in normal and diabetic patients.
Percent body fat in obese white females predicted by anthropometric measurements.
Does fasting interval affect the glucose challenge tests
Relationships between glucose levels and insulin secretion during a glucose challenge test.
Placental thromboxane and prostacyclin production in an ovine diabetic model.
Effect of obesity on safe duration of apnea in anesthetized humans.
The effects of tumor necrosis factor on intestinal structure and metabolism.
Vitreous fluorophotometry in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Correlation with microalbuminuria and diastolic blood pressure.
Incidence and etiology of hyponatremia in an intensive care unit.
Differential regulation of liver P-450III cytochromes in choline-deficient rats: implications for the erythromycin breath test as a parameter of liver function.
CD8+ T cell homing to the pancreas in the nonobese diabetic mouse is CD4+ T cell-dependent.
Effects of tromethamine and hyperventilation on brain injury in the cat.
Disorders of calcium and phosphorus homeostasis.
Can insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus be cured or prevented? A status report on immunomodulatory strategies and pancreas transplantation.
Diagnosis and management of familial dyslipoproteinemia in children and adolescents.
Effects of nimodipine on infarct size and cerebral acidosis after middle cerebral artery occlusion in the rat.
Soft tissue calcification in renal failure.
Rational ordering of electrolytes in the emergency department.
Evaluation and management of supraventricular tachycardia in children.
National Education Programs Working Group report on the management of patients with hypertension and high blood cholesterol.
Pediatrics residents' attitudes about insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and children with diabetes.
Endothelin and increased contractility in adult rat ventricular myocytes. Role of intracellular alkalosis induced by activation of the protein kinase C-dependent Na(+)-H+ exchanger.
Mechanical alternans during acidosis in ferret heart muscle.
Nonhemophilic hemosiderotic synovitis of the shoulder. A case report.
Cellular immunodeficiency in protein-losing enteropathy. Predominant reduction of CD3+ and CD4+ lymphocytes.
Prevalence of diabetes and impaired glucose tolerance in elderly subjects and their association with obesity and family history of diabetes.
Weight gain associated with improved glycemic control in population-based sample of subjects with type I diabetes.
Effect of captopril on glucose concentration. Possible role of augmented postprandial forearm blood flow.
Self-care predictors of metabolic control in NIDDM patients.
Effects of thromboxane synthesis inhibitor triflusal on renal hemodynamics in microalbuminuric diabetic patients.
Obesity and diabetes in blacks.
Genetics of NIDDM.
Theoretical and baseline considerations for diet and weight control of diabetes among blacks.
Exercise in therapy and prevention of type II diabetes. Implications for blacks.
Diabetic cardiomyopathy.
Cross-sectional analysis of renal function in black Americans with NIDDM.
Hypertension and diabetes in blacks.
Diabetic retinopathy in blacks.
Metabolic and health complications of obesity.
Recurrent acute fatty liver of pregnancy associated with a fatty-acid oxidation defect in the offspring.
Neutrophil dysfunction in glycogen storage disease Ib: association with Crohn's-like colitis.
Impaired oxidative metabolism increases adenine nucleotide breakdown in McArdle's disease.
Effect of exercise and obesity on skeletal muscle amino acid uptake.
Regulation of forearm lipolysis in different types of obesity. In vivo evidence for adipocyte heterogeneity.
Obesity and the metabolic response to severe multiple trauma in man.
Diacylglycerol accumulation and microvascular abnormalities induced by elevated glucose levels.
Anderson's disease: genetic exclusion of the apolipoprotein-B gene in two families.
Physician practice for cardiovascular disease risk-factor reduction in six upper Midwestern communities.
Possible platelet contribution to pathogenesis of transient neonatal hyperammonaemia syndrome.
Gingival and cutaneous xanthomatosis associated with primary biliary cirrhosis. Report of a case.
The butterfly rash and the malar flush. What diseases do these signs reflect?
Treating serum lipid abnormalities in high-priority patients.
A myo-inositol pool utilized for phosphatidylinositol synthesis is depleted in sciatic nerve from rats with streptozotocin-induced diabetes.
Evidence that down-regulation of beta-cell glucose transporters in non-insulin-dependent diabetes may be the cause of diabetic hyperglycemia.
Cytogenetic damage induced by folate deficiency in mice is enhanced by caffeine.
Rickets and osteomalacia are still around.
Vitamin E and neurologic deficits.
Efficacy of doxazosin in specific hypertensive patient groups.
Vitamin E in gastric mucosal injury induced by ischemia-reperfusion.
Family history fails to identify many children with severe hypercholesterolemia.
Differences in expression of cystic fibrosis in blacks and whites.
Localization of the Aland Island eye disease locus to the pericentromeric region of the X chromosome by linkage analysis.
Hemochromatosis and infection: alcohol and iron, oysters and sepsis.
Therapeutic implications of lipid-lowering agents in the progression of renal disease.
Hyperlipidemia of nephrosis: pathophysiologic role in progressive glomerular disease.
Rationale and management of hyperlipidemia of the nephrotic syndrome.
Hyperlipidemia and glomerular sclerosis: an alternative viewpoint.
Lipid abnormalities, renal failure, and parathyroid hormone.
The hyperlipidemia of the nephrotic syndrome.
Cholesterol and lipid disturbances in renal disease: the natural history of uremic dyslipidemia and the impact of hemodialysis and continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis.
Hyperlipidemia after organ transplantation.
Extracorporeal LDL cholesterol removal: role of LDL-pheresis in combination with other hypolipidemic therapy to regress vascular disease.
Schizophrenia and fatal self-induced water intoxication with appropriately-diluted urine.
Renal disease in noninsulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Hyperosmolar states.
Hypokalemia before induction of anesthesia and prevention by beta 2 adrenoceptor antagonism.
Coronary bypass grafting with totally calcified or acutely dissected ascending aorta.
Expanded Clinical Evaluation of Lovastatin (EXCEL) study results. I. Efficacy in modifying plasma lipoproteins and adverse event profile in 8245 patients with moderate hypercholesterolemia
Mediastinitis following nasal intubation in the emergency department.
The role of alpha 1-adrenoceptors in adrenaline-induced hyperkalaemia.
Free protein S levels are elevated in familial C4b-binding protein deficiency.
Obesity and body fat distribution and breast cancer prognosis.
Coinheritance of two mild defects in low density lipoprotein receptor function produces severe hypercholesterolemia.
Osteomalacia in hereditary hypophosphatemic rickets with hypercalciuria: a correlative clinical-histomorphometric study.
Dual defects in pulsatile growth hormone secretion and clearance subserve the hyposomatotropism of obesity in man.
The role of free fatty acid metabolism in the pathogenesis of insulin resistance in obesity and noninsulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Influence of thiamin supplementation on the health and general well-being of an elderly Irish population with marginal thiamin deficiency [published erratum appears in J Gerontol 1991 Sep;46(5):M180]
Abnormal arginine vasopressin response to cigarette smoking and metoclopramide (but not to insulin-induced hypoglycemia) in elderly subjects.
Spontaneous bacterial peritonitis due to Salmonella enteritidis in cirrhotic ascites.
Esophageal obstruction with a dietary fiber product designed for weight reduction.
Early inappropriate secretion of antidiuretic hormone after trans-sphenoidal pituitary adenomectomy.
Metabolite and hormonal profiles in heat stroke patients at Mecca pilgrimage.
Kidney function and cardiovascular risk factors in non-insulin-dependent diabetics (NIDDM) with microalbuminuria.
The relationship between clinically confirmed cobalamin deficiency and serum methylmalonic acid.
Drug related admissions to a cardiology department; frequency and avoidability.
Glucose tolerance and hyperinsulinaemia in obese women: role of adipose tissue distribution, muscle fibre characteristics and androgens.
Fulminant monophasic multiple sclerosis, Marburg's type.
Lowering the cost of lowering the cholesterol: a formulary policy for lovastatin
Lovastatin therapy for cholesterol ester storage disease in two sisters.
Estimates of metabolic rate in obese and nonobese adolescents.
Nephron site responsible for the reduced kaliuretic response to mineralocorticoids during hypokalemia in rats.
Albuterol and insulin for treatment of hyperkalemia in hemodialysis patients.
Soft tissue calcification in pediatric patients with end-stage renal disease.
Lymphoedema/hypercalcaemia syndrome mediated by parathyroid-hormone-related protein.
Respiratory arrest in near-fatal asthma
Enteroliths causing intermittent obstruction in a patient with Crohn's disease.
Effects of chronic alcohol intake on carbohydrate and lipid metabolism in subjects with type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes.
Reductions in exercise lactic acidosis and ventilation as a result of exercise training in patients with obstructive lung disease.
Inspiratory muscle performance and pulmonary function changes in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Survival after hypertonic saline resuscitation from hemorrhage.
Evaluation of albumin loss during low-density lipoprotein apheresis.
Screening for hypercholesterolemia among Canadians: how much will it cost? [published erratum appears in Can Med Assoc J 1991 Mar 1;144(5):545]
Hyponatremia and hyperreninemic hypoaldosteronism in a critically ill patient: combination of insensitivity to angiotensin II and tubular unresponsiveness to mineralocorticoid.
Use of aminohydroxypropylidene bisphosphonate (AHPrBP, "APD") for the treatment of hypercalcemia in patients with renal impairment.
Polycystic ovary syndrome.
Variable prevalence of lymphocytic thyroiditis among diabetes-prone sublines of BB/W or rats.
Diabetes-associated impairment of hepatic insulin receptor tyrosine kinase activity: a study of mechanisms.
Hyponatremia-induced inhibition of magnocellular neurons causes stressor-selective impairment of stimulated adrenocorticotropin secretion in rats.
The hypothalamic-pituitary axis of streptozotocin-induced diabetic female rats is not normalized by estradiol replacement.
Clinical interaction of salt and weight change on blood pressure level.
Effect of lovastatin on intimal hyperplasia after balloon angioplasty: a study in an atherosclerotic hypercholesterolemic rabbit.
Erythropoietin response to anemia as a function of age.
Experience with in situ saphenous vein bypasses during 1981 to 1989: determinant factors of long-term patency.
Cigarette smoking increases the risk of albuminuria among subjects with type I diabetes.
Why is diabetes mellitus a stronger risk factor for fatal ischemic heart disease in women than in men? The Rancho Bernardo Study [published erratum appears in JAMA 1991 Jun 26;265(24):3249]
The effects of nonthyroid disease and drugs on thyroid function tests.
Extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy of gallstones: results and 6-month follow-up in 141 patients.
Malnutrition and acute respiratory tract infections in Filipino children.
Etiologic, clinical, and pathologic analysis of 31 fatal cases of acute respiratory tract infection in Argentinian children under 5 years of age.
Effect of hypoxia on cerebral metabolites measured by proton nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy in rats.
Pathophysiology, monitoring, and management of the ventilator-dependent patient: considerations for drug therapy, emphasis on stress ulcer prophylaxis.
Long-term studies of mental health after the Greenville gastric bypass operation for morbid obesity.
Human isophane or lente insulin? A double blind crossover trial in insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.
Comparison of non-mydriatic retinal photography with ophthalmoscopy in 2159 patients: mobile retinal camera study
Psychological disturbance in children with haemophilia.
Esophageal perforation during pneumatic dilatation for achalasia: a possible association with malnutrition.
D-xylose absorption test. Urine or blood?
DMPS as a rescue agent for the nephropathy induced by mercuric chloride.
BMY 30047: a novel topically active retinoid with low local and systemic toxicity.
A possible role for antiphospholipid antibodies in acquired cardiac valve deformity.
The incidence and prognostic significance of humoral hypercalcemia in renal cell carcinoma.
Metabolic alterations following continent urinary diversion through colonic segments.
Urinary bladder function 6 months after the onset of diabetes in the spontaneously diabetic BB rat.
Niacin-induced hepatitis: a potential side effect with low-dose time-release niacin
Comparison of the accuracy of glucose reflectance meters in pregnant insulin-dependent diabetics.
Methods of treating plantar ulcers.
Parathyroidectomy in chronic renal failure: a nine-year follow-up study.
Reoperation for failed gastric bypass procedures for obesity.
Pharmacokinetics of ranitidine in morbidly obese women.
Effects of pentoxifylline on proteinuria in normotensive patients with diabetes mellitus.
Do we need another antihypertensive agent?
Managing the whole patient with hypertension: practical applications in a clinical setting.
Resting energy expenditure is increased in stable, malnourished HIV-infected patients.
Essential fatty acid sufficiency does not preclude fat-soluble-vitamin deficiency in short-bowel syndrome.
Nitrogen deposition in malnourished children with cystic fibrosis.
Plasma lecithin-cholesterol acyltransferase activity and plasma lipoprotein composition and concentrations in kwashiorkor [published erratum appears in Am J Clin Nutr 1991 Sep;54(3):590]
Preprandial blood glucose values and glycemic responses in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus at constant insulinemia.
Photic sneeze reflex in nephropathic cystinosis
Muscle fatigue in McArdle's disease. Muscle fibre conduction velocity and surface EMG frequency spectrum during ischaemic exercise.
Permanent muscle weakness in familial hypokalaemic periodic paralysis. Clinical, radiological and pathological aspects.
The TURP syndrome.
Effect of ethanol on the efficacy of nasal continuous positive airway pressure as a treatment for obstructive sleep apnea.
Treatment of NIDDM with insulin agonists or substitutes.
Insulin use in NIDDM.
Intensive insulin therapy for treatment of type I diabetes.
Lifelong sequential changes in glucose tolerance and insulin secretion in genetically obese Zucker rats (fa/fa) fed a diabetogenic diet.
Retinoic acid is able to reinitiate spermatogenesis in vitamin A-deficient rats and high replicate doses support the full development of spermatogenic cells.
Failure of insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) infusion to promote growth in protein-restricted rats despite normalization of serum IGF-I concentrations.
Pituitary insulin-like growth factor-I content and gene expression in the streptozotocin-diabetic rat: evidence for tissue-specific regulation.
Extracranial and mandibular augmentation with hydroxyapatite-collagen in induced diabetic and nondiabetic rats [published erratum appears in J Oral Maxillofac Surg 1991 Jun;49(6):669]
Preconception care of diabetes. Glycemic control prevents congenital anomalies.
Cholesterol screening in a black inner-city pediatric population.
Cerebrospinal fluid losses through ventricular catheters leading to hyponatremia in two children.
New approaches to improve diabetes control
Effect of hyperkalemia on experimental myocardial depression by verapamil.
Is hyperglycemia associated with cardiovascular disease? The Framingham Study.
Comparative effects of overweight on cardiovascular risk in younger versus older men.
High-resolution linkage mapping for susceptibility genes in human polygenic disease: insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and chromosome 11q.
Effects on serum lipids of adding instant oats to usual American diets.
Predictability of difficult laryngoscopy in patients with long-term diabetes mellitus.
Coronary artery calcification detected by CT: clinical significance and angiographic correlates.
Microcirculation and hemorheology in NIDDM patients.
Cotton-wool spots and retinal light sensitivity in diabetic retinopathy.
Course of diabetic retinopathy following cataract surgery
Decalcification of a choroidal osteoma.
Extracapsular cataract surgery with lens implantation in diabetics with and without proliferative retinopathy
Putative mechanisms of the impairment of endothelium-dependent relaxation of the aorta with atheromatous plaque in heritable hyperlipidemic rabbits.
Modulation of coronary vasomotor tone in humans. Progressive endothelial dysfunction with different early stages of coronary atherosclerosis.
Effect of weight reduction in moderately overweight patients on recorded ambulatory blood pressure and free cytosolic platelet calcium.
Loss of endothelial pertussis toxin-sensitive G protein function in atherosclerotic porcine coronary arteries.
Reduced plasma noradrenaline concentrations in simple-obese and diabetic obese patients.
Abnormal renal glucose handling in X-linked hypophosphataemic mice.
Limits of brain tolerance to daily increments in serum sodium in chronically hyponatraemic rats treated with hypertonic saline or urea: advantages of urea.
Enhancing blood glucose awareness in adolescents and young adults with IDDM.
Racial differences in metabolic control of children and adolescents with type I diabetes mellitus.
Role of diabetologist in evaluating diabetic retinopathy.
Care of diabetic patients by optometrists in New York State.
Demonstration of insulin transformation products in insulin vials by high-performance liquid chromatography.
Major cross-country differences in risk of dying for people with IDDM. Diabetes Epidemiology Research International Mortality Study Group.
International evaluation of cause-specific mortality and IDDM. Diabetes Epidemiology Research International Mortality Study Group.
Superiority of radiobinding assay over ELISA for detection of IAAs in newly diagnosed type I diabetic children.
Serum levels of tumor necrosis factor and IL-1 alpha and IL-1 beta in diabetic patients.
Effect of motilin on gastric emptying in patients with diabetic gastroparesis.
Vitamin E reduction of protein glycosylation in diabetes. New prospect for prevention of diabetic complications?
Relationship of limited joint mobility to abnormal foot pressures and diabetic foot ulceration.
Archaeology of NIDDM. Excavation of the "thrifty" genotype.
Banting lecture 1990. Beta-cells in type II diabetes mellitus.
Risk factors for development of diabetic nephropathy and retinopathy in Jewish IDDM patients.
Decreased growth velocity before IDDM onset.
Altered behavior and neurochemistry during short-term insulin withdrawal in streptozocin-induced diabetic rats.
Reduced neuroendocrine and symptomatic responses to subsequent hypoglycemia after 1 episode of hypoglycemia in nondiabetic humans.
Impairment of glycerol phosphate shuttle in islets from rats with diabetes induced by neonatal streptozocin.
Effects of PP-56 and vitamin E on platelet hyperaggregability, fatty acid abnormalities, and clinical manifestations in streptozocin-induced diabetic rats.
Insulin-receptor cDNA sequence in NIDDM patient homozygous for insulin-receptor gene RFLP.
Production of inhibitor of insulin-receptor tyrosine kinase in fibroblasts from patient with insulin resistance and NIDDM.
Effects of glucagon on free fatty acid metabolism in humans.
Acute changes in serum osteocalcin during induced hypocalcemia in humans.
Nocturnal elevation of glucose levels during fasting in noninsulin-dependent diabetes.
Proglucagon products in plasma of noninsulin-dependent diabetics and nondiabetic controls in the fasting state and after oral glucose and intravenous arginine.
Advanced glycosylation products quench nitric oxide and mediate defective endothelium-dependent vasodilatation in experimental diabetes.
Normalization of blood glucose in diabetic rats with phlorizin treatment reverses insulin-resistant glucose transport in adipose cells without restoring glucose transporter gene expression.
Role of increased cytosolic free calcium in the pathogenesis of rabbit proximal tubule cell injury and protection by glycine or acidosis.
No evidence for serological autoimmunity to islet cell heat shock proteins in insulin dependent diabetes.
A single base substitution in the coding region for neurophysin II associated with familial central diabetes insipidus.
Expression of rat renal Na/H antiporter mRNA levels in response to respiratory and metabolic acidosis.
Nutrition management for individuals with noninsulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in the 1990s: a review by the Diabetes Care and Education dietetic practice group.
A dietary education program for hypercholesterolemic children and their parents.
Is the recommended daily allowance for vitamin D too low for the homebound elderly?
A new syndrome: hearing loss and familial salivary gland insensitivity to aldosterone in two brothers.
The relationship between symptomatic and biochemical hypoglycaemia in insulin-dependent diabetic patients.
Forty years of neuroglycopenia: neuropsychiatry for the internist.
Modulation by dietary vitamin E of I-compounds (putative indigenous DNA modifications) in rat liver and kidney.
Somatostatin analogue, octreotide, reduces increased glomerular filtration rate and kidney size in insulin-dependent diabetes.
Lovastatin efficacy in reducing low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels on high- vs low-fat diets.
Relation of central obesity and insulin resistance with high diabetes prevalence and cardiovascular risk in South Asians.
Aggravation of subclinical diabetes insipidus during pregnancy
Renal hemodynamics in normal and hypertensive pregnancy: lessons from micropuncture.
Transient postpartum diabetes insipidus.
Neonatal complications at term as related to the degree of umbilical artery acidemia.
Posterior chamber intraocular lens implantation in eyes with inactive and active proliferative diabetic retinopathy.
Pancreas transplantation. A new program.
Diets enriched with N-3 fatty acids ameliorate lactic acidosis by improving endotoxin-induced tissue hypoperfusion in guinea pigs.
Lipids, vascular disease, and dementia with advancing age. Epidemiologic considerations.
Comparative study of a microporous cholestyramine analogue (filicol) and gemfibrozil for treatment of severe primary hypercholesterolemia. Short- and long-term results.
Sensitivity of exercise electrocardiography for acute cardiac events during moderate and strenuous physical activity. The Lipid Research Clinics Coronary Primary Prevention Trial.
Parathyroid hormone secretion and target organ response in experimental acute pancreatitis.
Effects of recombinant human macrophage colony-stimulating factor on plasma cholesterol levels.
Risk of disability and mortality due to overweight in a Finnish population [published erratum appears in BMJ 1990 Nov 3;301(6759):1027]
The differential diagnosis of Crigler-Najjar disease, types 1 and 2, by bile pigment analysis.
Microvillus inclusion disease. In vitro jejunal electrolyte transport.
Hypomagnesemia and the parathyroid hormone-vitamin D endocrine system in children with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: effects of magnesium administration.
Ossified chronic subdural hematoma: case report.
Juvenile intervertebral disc calcification: recognition, management, and pathogenesis.
Diabetic amyotrophy without pain. A puzzling clinical picture.
An analysis of the results of mammographically guided biopsies of the breast.
The National Cholesterol Education Program: guidelines, status, and issues.
Evolving natural history of coronary artery disease in diabetes mellitus.
Insulin as a mitogenic factor: role in the pathogenesis of cardiovascular disease.
Diabetic retinopathy: can we modify its course?
Diabetic nephropathy: can the natural history be modified?
A history of phlebotomy therapy for hemochromatosis.
Iron and the liver.
Comparison of stainable liver iron between symptomatic and asymptomatic hemochromatosis homozygotes and their homozygous relatives.
The immunogenetics of hereditary hemochromatosis.
The immune system in hereditary hemochromatosis: a quantitative and functional assessment of the cellular arm.
Psychosocial factors in maternal phenylketonuria: prevention of unplanned pregnancies.
Saltpeter ingestion.
Laser photocoagulation control of diabetic macular oedema without fluorescein angiography.
Prenatal diagnosis of metabolic disease.
A form of familial hypobetalipoproteinaemia not due to a mutation in the apolipoprotein B gene.
Hypoglycaemic episodes during intensified insulin treatment: increased frequency but no effect on cognitive function.
Potential role of insulin in the clearance of remnant lipoproteins in dysbetalipoproteinaemia.
Risk factors for disability among U.S. adults with arthritis.
Regional obesity and risk of cardiovascular disease; the Framingham Study.
Short-term effects of dehydroepiandrosterone treatment in rats on mitochondrial respiration.
Endotoxin and lipid peroxidation in vivo in selenium- and vitamin E-deficient and -adequate rats.
Endotoxin and lipid peroxidation in vitro in selenium- and vitamin E-deficient and -adequate rat tissues.
Obesity and colorectal adenomatous polyps.
Effects of dehydration on gastric emptying and gastrointestinal distress while running.
Mechanism of glucoregulatory responses to stress and their deficiency in diabetes.
Efficacy of celiprolol in the elderly hypertensive patient.
Nephrotic proteinuria without hypoalbuminemia: clinical characteristics and response to angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibition.
Circulating interferon-alpha levels and hypertriglyceridemia in the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Combined hepatic and renal transplantation in primary hyperoxaluria type I: clinical report of nine cases.
A two-step model for development of non-insulin-dependent diabetes.
Two cases of adult T-cell leukemia associated with acute pancreatitis due to hypercalcemia.
Correction of metabolic acidosis in experimental CPR: a comparative study of sodium bicarbonate, carbicarb, and dextrose.
Nutrition and bronchopulmonary dysplasia
The prevalence of tardive dyskinesia in neuroleptic-treated diabetics. A controlled study.
Review of clinical experience with digoxin immune Fab (ovine).
Which cardiac disturbances should be treated with digoxin immune Fab (ovine) antibody?
Experimental diabetes, insulin treatment, and femoral neck morphology and biomechanics in rats.
Feasibility and effects of a diabetes type II protocol with blood glucose self-monitoring in general practice.
Plasma intact parathyroid hormone (PTH) and PTH-related peptide in familial benign hypercalcemia: greater responsiveness to endogenous PTH than in primary hyperparathyroidism.
The influence of simvastatin on adrenal corticosteroid production and urinary mevalonate during adrenocorticotropin stimulation in patients with heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia.
Suppression of chromogranin-A release from neuroendocrine sources in man: pharmacological studies.
Subclinical vitamin D deficiency in postmenopausal women with low vertebral bone mass.
HLA antigens in Hungarian patients with idiopathic haemochromatosis.
Inpatient and post-discharge course of the malnourished patient.
Relationship of obesity and physical fitness to cardiopulmonary and metabolic function in healthy older men.
Contrasting effects of lisinopril and nifedipine on albuminuria and tubular transport functions in insulin dependent diabetics with nephropathy.
Familial hypobetalipoproteinaemia complicated by cerebellar ataxia and steatocystoma multiplex.
Dependency and eating disorders in female psychiatric inpatients.
Hypoglycemia due to antiinsulin receptor antibodies in systemic lupus erythematosus.
Recurrent calcific periarthritis, erosive osteoarthritis and hypophosphatasia: a family study.
Direct CO2 laser "revascularization" of the myocardium.
Transient hypoparathyroidism during acute alcohol intoxication.
Grinspan's syndrome: a drug-induced phenomenon?
Abnormalities of glucose tolerance following gestational diabetes.
Incidence, causes and mechanism of hypercalcaemia in a hospital population in Hong Kong.
Expanded clinical evaluation of lovastatin (EXCEL) study results. II. Assessment of the human lens after 48 weeks of treatment with lovastatin.
Comparison of the efficacy of Questran Light, a new formulation of cholestyramine powder, to regular Questran in maintaining lowered plasma cholesterol levels.
Effect of educational program and interview on adoption of guidelines for the management of neonatal hyperbilirubinemia.
Arginine restores cholinergic relaxation of hypercholesterolemic rabbit thoracic aorta
Variable phosphate-mediated regulation of vitamin D metabolism in the murine hypophosphatemic rachitic/osteomalacic disorders.
Comparison of the effects of hypertonic sucrose and intracellular potassium depletion on growth hormone receptor binding kinetics and down-regulation in IM-9 cells: evidence for a sequential block of receptor--mediated endocytosis.
Defective tolerance to the toxic and metabolic effects of interleukin 1.
Islet cell antibodies in patients with autoimmune thyroid disease.
Frequency and effects of apolipoprotein E polymorphism in Mexican-American NIDDM subjects.
Blunted diuretic and natriuretic responses to central administration of clonidine in streptozocin-induced diabetic rats.
Changes in hepatic glutathione metabolism in diabetes.
Lack of evidence for improvement in long-term glycemic control by pulsatile insulin infusion in streptozocin-induced diabetic baboon.
Independent effects of youth and poor diabetes control on responses to hypoglycemia in children.
Immunobiological consequence of regulation of insulin receptor on alloactivated lymphocytes in normal and obese subjects.
Use of X-ray diffraction in study of human diabetic and aging collagen.
Pretranslational suppression of a glucose transporter protein causes insulin resistance in adipocytes from patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and obesity.
Differential regulation of adipose tissue glucose transporters in genetic obesity (fatty rat). Selective increase in the adipose cell/muscle glucose transporter (GLUT 4) expression.
Infantile form of carnitine palmitoyltransferase II deficiency with hepatomuscular symptoms and sudden death. Physiopathological approach to carnitine palmitoyltransferase II deficiencies.
Evidence that tumor necrosis factor plays a pathogenetic role in the paraneoplastic syndromes of cachexia, hypercalcemia, and leukocytosis in a human tumor in nude mice.
Hypothalamic obesity due to hydrocephalus caused by aqueductal stenosis.
Occurrence of hypercalcemia and leukocytosis with cachexia in a human squamous cell carcinoma of the maxilla in athymic nude mice: a novel experimental model of three concomitant paraneoplastic syndromes.
Gastrointestinal dysfunction and disaccharide intolerance in children infected with human immunodeficiency virus.
Randomised prospective study of short-term and long-term initial stay in hospital by children with diabetes mellitus.
Hypoglycemia, hypotonia, and cardiomyopathy: the evolving clinical picture of long-chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency.
Meniscal injuries.
Intensive management of type II diabetes.
Long-term medical consequences of incest, rape, and molestation.
Duodenal stricture: a complication of chronic fibrocalcific pancreatitis.
Hypercalcemia in malignancy.
Postheparin lipolytic activity and plasma lipoprotein response to omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in patients with primary hypertriglyceridemia.
Fat absorption in neonates: comparison of long-chain-fatty-acid and triglyceride compositions of formula, feces, and blood.
Lactose maldigestion and milk intolerance in healthy Greek schoolchildren.
Extremely low serum pyridoxal 5'-phosphate in children with familial hypophosphatemic rickets.
Nutritional supplementation and the development of linear enamel hypoplasias in children from Tezonteopan, Mexico.
Brain uptake of glucose in diabetes mellitus: the role of glucose transporters.
Hypercalcemia with excess serum 1,25 dihydroxyvitamin D in lymphomatoid granulomatosis/angiocentric lymphoma.
Indapamide: a diuretic of choice for the treatment of hypertension?
A new syndrome of congenital hypoparathyroidism, severe growth failure, and dysmorphic features.
Hydration in severe acute asthma.
Raised urinary secretory IgA in chronic diarrhoea.
Changes in physician practice for the prevention of cardiovascular disease.
Refractory hypoglycemia secondary to topical salicylate intoxication.
Central nervous system magnesium deficiency.
Cortical atrophy and cognitive performance in infantile nephropathic cystinosis.
Modification of serum and membrane lipid composition induced by diet in patients with chronic renal failure.
Platelet thromboxane A2 receptors in type I diabetes.
Functional properties in vitro of systemic small arteries from rabbits fed a cholesterol-rich diet for 12 weeks.
Weight reduction in obese hypertensive patients.
Differential effect of streptozotocin-induced diabetes on the innervation of the ileum and distal colon.
Normal number and kinase activity of insulin receptors in liver of genetically fat chickens.
Opposite effect of cold on energetic efficiency in normal and obese Wistar rats with hypothalamic lesions.
Decreased resistance and immune response to Escherichia coli infection in chicks with low or high intakes of vitamin A.
Sampling the difficult-to-sample.
Economic barriers to the use of oral rehydration therapy. A case report
Dietary deficiency of antioxidants exacerbates ischemic injury in the rat kidney.
Effect of aluminum on bone matrix inductive properties.
Hyperkalemia in acute glomerulonephritis due to transient hyporeninemic hypoaldosteronism.
Pathophysiological aspects of edema formation in diabetic nephropathy.
Phosphate depletion impairs insulin secretion by pancreatic islets.
Red cell Na+/Li+ countertransport in non-insulin-dependent diabetics with diabetic nephropathy.
Glycolate determination detects type I primary hyperoxaluria in dialysis patients.
Effect of chlorpropamide on water and urea transport in the inner medullary collecting duct.
A coproporphyria-like syndrome induced by glipizide.
Topical calcipotriol treatment in advanced breast cancer [published erratum appears in Lancet 1991 Jun 29;337(8757):1618]
Trends in serum cholesterol levels from 1980 to 1987. The Minnesota Heart Survey.
Hypertension during pregnancy in insulin-dependent diabetic women.
The relationship between fetal biophysical assessment, umbilical artery velocimetry, and fetal acidosis.
Large asymptomatic antrolith of the maxillary sinus. Report of a case.
Standardized percentile curves of body-mass index for children and adolescents.
Capillary refilling (skin turgor) in the assessment of dehydration.
Adipsic hypernatremia in two sisters.
Cardiac function in fetuses of type I diabetic mothers.
Association of waist to hip ratio and family history with the prevalence of NIDDM among 25,272 adult, white females.
Glucagon: prehospital therapy for hypoglycemia.
Ocular manifestations of nephropathic cystinosis. The French-Canadian experience in a genetically homogeneous population.
Ocular histopathologic findings in a 46-year-old man with primary hyperoxaluria.
Hip arthropathy in genetic hemochromatosis. Radiographic and histologic features.
Incidence of insulin dependent diabetes in children aged under 15 years in the British Isles during 1988
Aspiration biopsy cytology of occult breast lesions by use of the "scouting needle". A prospective study of 261 cases.
Obesity, body fat distribution, and sex hormones in breast cancer patients.
Increased insulin action in cultured hepatocytes from rats with diabetes induced by neonatal streptozotocin.
Elevated activity of low molecular weight insulin-like growth factor-binding proteins in sera of vitamin C-deficient and fasted guinea pigs.
Growth hormone-dependent and -independent regulation of cytochrome P-450 isozyme expression in streptozotocin-diabetic rats.
Multiple abnormalities in insulin responses to nonglucose nutrients in neonatally streptozotocin diabetic rats.
Hyperglycemia presenting with occipital seizures.
Gaze-evoked visual seizures in nonketotic hyperglycemia.
Substrate utilization during acute exercise in obese Zucker rats.
Deficient counterregulatory hormone responses during hypoglycemia in a patient with insulinoma.
Reduced glucose-induced thermogenesis is present in noninsulin-dependent diabetes mellitus without obesity.
Chronic hyperglycemia increases the density of glucose transporters in human erythrocyte membranes.
Insulin action kinetics in adipocytes from obese and noninsulin-dependent diabetes mellitus subjects: identification of multiple cellular defects in glucose transport.
Sexual dimorphism in insulin sensitivity in adolescents with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Fasting hypertriglyceridemia in noninsulin-dependent diabetes mellitus is an important predictor of postprandial lipid and lipoprotein abnormalities.
The effect of recombinant human growth hormone on malnourished older individuals.
B complex vitamin patterns in geriatric and young adult inpatients with major depression.
The central (intraosseous) calcifying odontogenic cyst: an analysis of 215 cases.
Cytomegalovirus colitis and wasting.
Bialaphos poisoning with apnea and metabolic acidosis.
The hypocholesterolemic effects of beta-glucan in oatmeal and oat bran. A dose-controlled study.
Successful hyperlipemic pregnancy.
Characterization of glial involvement in proliferative diabetic retinopathy.
Calcifications in breast biopsy specimens: discrepancies in radiologic-pathologic identification.
High signal intensity in MR images of calcified brain tissue.
Proliferative retinopathy: absence of white matter lesions at MR imaging.
Diabetic hyperglycemia: link to impaired glucose transport in pancreatic beta cells.
Body mass index and prognosis in elderly hypertensive patients: a report from the European Working Party on High Blood Pressure in the Elderly.
Hemorheologic and coagulative pattern in hypercholesterolemic subjects treated with lipid-lowering drugs.
Isoxsuprine in nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy: effect on human retinal circulation assessed by fluorescein angiography--a pilot study.
Endocrine and renal effects of nifedipine gastrointestinal therapeutic system in patients with essential hypertension. Results of a multicenter trial. The Modern Approach to the Treatment of Hypertension Study Group.
Metabolic considerations in hypertension.
Felodipine in the treatment of hypertensive type II diabetics: effect on glucose homeostasis.
Determinants of mild fasting hypertriglyceridaemia in non-insulin-dependent diabetes.
Antacid-induced osteomalacia: a case report with a histomorphometric analysis.
Counterregulatory hormonal response to insulin-induced hypoglycaemia in insulin-dependent diabetic patients: a comparison of equimolar amounts of porcine and semisynthetic human insulin.
Influence of age and magnesium on calcium metabolism in rats.
Fetal organ response to maternal protein deprivation during pregnancy in swine.
Regulation of carnitine acyltransferase synthesis in lean and obese Zucker rats by dehydroepiandrosterone and clofibrate.
Vitamin A status and the immune response to pneumococcal polysaccharide: effects of age and early stages of retinol deficiency in rats.
A prospective, randomized evaluation of intrapartum amnioinfusion. Fetal acid-base status and cesarean delivery.
Nonenzymatic glycosylation of immunoglobulin G impairs complement fixation.
Glucose/galactose malabsorption caused by a defect in the Na+/glucose cotransporter.
Fifteen-year argon laser and xenon photocoagulation results of Bascom Palmer Eye Institute's patients participating in the diabetic retinopathy study.
Essential hypertension, metabolic disorders, and insulin resistance.
Insulin resistance and compensatory hyperinsulinemia: role in hypertension, dyslipidemia, and coronary heart disease.
Diabetes mellitus and hypertension: a physiologic basis for a rational therapeutic approach.
Doxazosin therapy in the treatment of diabetic hypertension.
Effect of alpha-adrenergic blockade on blood pressure, glucose, and lipid metabolism in hypertensive patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Physical-activity-assessment measures compared in a biethnic rural population: the San Luis Valley Diabetes Study.
Energy-metabolism adaptation in obese adults on a very-low-calorie diet.
Reference data for obesity: 85th and 95th percentiles of body mass index (wt/ht2) and triceps skinfold thickness.
Effects of pyruvate and dihydroxyacetone consumption on the growth and metabolic state of obese Zucker rats.
Long-term evaluation of cardiac function in obese patients treated with a very-low-calorie diet: a controlled clinical study of patients without underlying cardiac disease.
Parental influence on food selection in young children and its relationships to childhood obesity.
Effect of a tricyclic antidepressant and opiate antagonist on binge-eating behavior in normoweight bulimic and obese, binge-eating subjects.
Changes in vitamin and mineral intakes and serum concentrations among free-living men on cholesterol-lowering diets: the Dietary Alternatives Study.
Vitamin B-6 deficiency and renal function and structure in chronically uremic rats.
Molecular and clinical heterogeneity in primary hyperoxaluria type 1.
Diet and hyperoxaluria in the syndrome of idiopathic calcium oxalate urolithiasis.
Pathogenesis of oxalate urolithiasis: lessons from experimental studies with rats.
Obstructive sleep apnea presenting with nocturnal angina, heart failure, and near-miss sudden death.
Daytime hypertension in obstructive sleep apnea. Prevalence and contributing risk factors.
Luteinizing hormone responses to gonadotropin-releasing hormone and naloxone in menstruating women with type I diabetes of different duration.
Lilly lecture 1990. Molecular defects in diabetes mellitus.
Metabolic effects of IGF-I in diabetic rats.
Maternal diabetes and retarded preimplantation development of mice.
Effects of polyol-pathway inhibition and dietary myo-inositol on glomerular hemodynamic function in experimental diabetes mellitus in rats.
Adipose tissue glucose transporters in NIDDM. Decreased levels of muscle/fat isoform.
Implication of specific DQB1 alleles in genetic susceptibility and resistance by identification of IDDM siblings with novel HLA-DQB1 allele and unusual DR2 and DR1 haplotypes.
Production of marked prolongation of islet xenograft survival (rat to mouse) by local release of mouse and rat antilymphocyte sera at transplant site.
Beta-cell insensitivity to glucose in the GK rat, a spontaneous nonobese model for type II diabetes.
Antidiabetic action of vanadyl in rats independent of in vivo insulin-receptor kinase activity.
Effects of insulin and amino acids on leg protein turnover in IDDM patients.
Higher insulin and C-peptide concentrations in Hispanic population at high risk for NIDDM. San Luis Valley Diabetes Study.
Mitral annular calcification: significant and worth acting upon.
Effects of treadmill exercise to exhaustion on the insulin response to hyperglycemia in untrained men.
Evaluation of renal function and fluid homeostasis during recovery from exercise-induced hyponatremia.
Muscle glucose uptake of obese Zucker rats trained at two different intensities.
Familial chylomicronemia (type I hyperlipoproteinemia) due to a single missense mutation in the lipoprotein lipase gene.
Reduced capacity and affinity of skeletal muscle for insulin-mediated glucose uptake in noninsulin-dependent diabetic subjects. Effects of insulin therapy.
Accelerated cholesteryl ester transfer in plasma of patients with hypercholesterolemia.
L-arginine normalizes endothelial function in cerebral vessels from hypercholesterolemic rabbits.
Sialic acid storage diseases. A multiple lysosomal transport defect for acidic monosaccharides.
Effect of nicotinic acid-induced insulin resistance on pancreatic B cell function in normal and streptozocin-treated baboons.
Effects of diabetes mellitus on parathyroid hormone-stimulated protein kinase activity, ferredoxin phosphorylation, and renal 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D production.
Evaluation of thermal and pain sensitivity in type I diabetic patients.
Lymphocytic hypophysitis with involvement of the cavernous sinus and hypothalamus.
Seasonal fluctuations in parathyroid hormone in relation to vitamin D intake of postmenopausal women.
Aspartylglycosaminuria in the Finnish population: identification of two point mutations in the heavy chain of glycoasparaginase.
Short- and long-term results of catheter balloon percutaneous transvenous mitral commissurotomy.
Lowering of serum cholesterol in hypercholesterolemic humans by tocotrienols (palmvitee).
Dietary tocotrienols reduce concentrations of plasma cholesterol, apolipoprotein B, thromboxane B2, and platelet factor 4 in pigs with inherited hyperlipidemias.
Idiopathic gastroparesis is associated with a multiplicity of severe dietary deficiencies.
Protein-losing gastroenteropathy detected by technetium-99m-labeled human serum albumin.
Clinical presentation of hemochromatosis: a changing scene.
Epidemiology of severe hypoglycemia in the diabetes control and complications trial. The DCCT Research Group.
Obesity-related hypertension: evaluation of the separate effects of energy restriction and weight reduction on hemodynamic and neuroendocrine status.
Efficacy and compliance with cholestyramine bar versus powder in the treatment of hyperlipidemia.
Reversal of cardiac dysfunction secondary to type 1 primary hyperoxaluria after combined liver-kidney transplantation.
Simultaneous development of insulin dependent diabetes mellitus and alopecia areata universalis.
Loss of contrast sensitivity in cystic fibrosis.
Change in cholesterol awareness and action. Results from national physician and public surveys.
Progression of peripheral occlusive arterial disease in diabetes mellitus. What factors are predictive?
Adult hereditary fructose intolerance.
Afibrinogenemia and hypobetalipoproteinemia in a kindred.
Hypothalamic or central obesity is associated with an early rise in plasma insulin concentration.
Hyperkalaemia induced by carbonic anhydrase inhibitor.
Contrast sensitivity changes in background diabetic retinopathy.
Fatty infiltration: another restrictive cardiomyopathic pattern.
Low rate of treatment of hypercholesterolemia by cardiologists in patients with suspected and proven coronary artery disease.
Early afterdepolarizations and triggered activity in rabbit cardiac Purkinje fibers recovering from ischemic-like conditions. Role of acidosis.
Hypertension in Hispanics, Asians and Pacific-Islanders, and Native Americans.
Malnutrition and carbohydrate malabsorption in children with vertically transmitted human immunodeficiency virus 1 infection.
Portacaval shunt as an experimental model of impaired hepatic release of vitamin A in liver disease.
Salt blocks the renal benefits of ramipril in diabetic hypertensive rats.
Obesity, glucose intolerance, hyperinsulinemia, and response to antihypertensive drugs.
Coexistence of ochronosis and ankylosing spondylitis.
Concordance for dyslipidemic hypertension in male twins.
The effect of aminoguanidine on the blood-retinal barrier in streptozocin-induced diabetic rats.
Vaccination against autoimmune mouse diabetes with a T-cell epitope of the human 65-kDa heat shock protein.
Parenchymal versus reticuloendothelial iron overload in the liver: distinction with MR imaging
Bronchial carcinoid tumors: assessment with CT of location and intratumoral calcification in 31 patients.
Lactic acidosis associated with high-dose niacin therapy.
Comparison of two growth charts in Lesotho: health workers' ability to understand and use them for action.
Diabetes mellitus and localizations of obliterating arterial disease of the lower limbs.
Assessment of coronary artery disease by thallium scan in type-1 diabetic uremic patients awaiting combined pancreas and renal transplantation.
Blood thiamine and thiamine phosphate concentrations in excessive drinkers with or without peripheral neuropathy.
Coronary sinus blood flow and coronary haemodynamic function in children: measurement by the continuous thermodilution method with coronary sinus cannulation via the femoral vein.
Changing the American diet. Impact on cancer prevention policy recommendations and program implications for the American Cancer Society [editorial]
Weight control and exercise.
Amount and speed of fast axonal transport in diabetes.
Normal coding sequence of insulin gene in Pima Indians and Nauruans, two groups with highest prevalence of type II diabetes.
Low sex-hormone-binding globulin concentration as independent risk factor for development of NIDDM. 12-yr follow-up of population study of women in Gothenburg, Sweden.
Progressive deterioration of endocrine function after intraportal but not kidney subcapsular rat islet transplantation.
Importance of hepatic glucoreceptors in sympathoadrenal response to hypoglycemia.
Contribution to postprandial hyperglycemia and effect on initial splanchnic glucose clearance of hepatic glucose cycling in glucose-intolerant or NIDDM patients.
Control of expression of insulin resistance and hyperglycemia by different genetic factors in diabetic C57BL/6J mice.
Evaluation of long-term weight changes after a multidisciplinary weight control program.
Effect of a very-low-calorie diet on body composition and resting metabolic rate in obese men and women.
Does infant feeding method influence maternal postpartum weight loss?
Cytokine gene expression in the islets of the diabetic Biobreeding/Worcester rat.
Effect of magnesium on calcium oxalate urolithiasis.
Calcium metabolism in acidotic patients induced by carbonic anhydrase inhibitors: responses to citrate.
Treatment for obesity: a nutrient balance/nutrient partition approach.
Function of the diabetic retina after panretinal argon laser photocoagulation. Influence of the intensity of the coagulation spots.
CT evaluation of solitary pulmonary nodules: value of 185-H reference phantom.
Clinical correlates of the molecular and cellular actions of magnesium on the cardiovascular system.
Bedside diagnosis of preserved versus impaired left ventricular systolic function in heart failure.
Determination of severity of valvular aortic stenosis by Doppler echocardiography and relation of findings to clinical outcome and agreement with hemodynamic measurements determined at cardiac catheterization.
A prospective study of parental history of myocardial infarction and coronary artery disease in men.
Identification of 17 independent mutations responsible for human hypoxanthine-guanine phosphoribosyltransferase (HPRT) deficiency.
Identification of a mutation in the arylsulfatase A gene of a patient with adult-type metachromatic leukodystrophy.
Rat as a potential model for hearing loss in biotinidase deficiency.
Syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion in cancer of the head and neck.
The age dependence of the activity and activation of human red blood cell transketolase.
NADPH, not glutathione, status modulates oxidant sensitivity in normal and glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase-deficient erythrocytes.
The clinical spectrum of renal osteodystrophy in 57 chronic hemodialysis patients: a correlation between biochemical parameters and bone pathology findings.
Blood transfusion and oxygen consumption in surgical sepsis.
Benign pleural effusions in long-standing diabetes mellitus.
Metsovo lung outside Metsovo. Endemic pleural calcifications in the ophiolite belts of Greece.
Hypocalcemic effect of physiological concentrations of corticosterone in adrenalectomized-parathyroidectomized rats.
Assessment of glucose transporter gene expression using the polymerase chain reaction.
Porcine adrenal adrenocorticotropic hormone receptors: characterization, changes during neonatal development, and response to a stressor.
Differential effects of prolonged hyperglycemia on in vivo and in vitro insulin secretion in rats.
Central insulin administration reduces neuropeptide Y mRNA expression in the arcuate nucleus of food-deprived lean (Fa/Fa) but not obese (fa/fa) Zucker rats.
Chinese hamster ovarian cells transfected with the murine interleukin-6 gene cause hypercalcemia as well as cachexia, leukocytosis and thrombocytosis in tumor-bearing nude mice.
Human immunodeficiency virus infection of enterocytes and mononuclear cells in human jejunal mucosa.
Influence of nutritional substrates on the formation of volatiles by the fecal flora.
Liver damage caused by therapeutic vitamin A administration: estimate of dose-related toxicity in 41 cases.
Chronic diuretic therapy with moderate doses of triamterene is not associated with folate deficiency.
Regulation of intestinal iron absorption and mucosal iron kinetics in hereditary hemochromatosis.
Deficiency of the core proteins of dermatan sulphate proteoglycans in a variant form of Ehlers-Danlos syndrome.
Nutritional status and mortality of patients in regular dialysis therapy.
The clinical spectrum of hypocalcaemia associated with bone metastases.
Changes in rat plasma apolipoproteins and lipoproteins during moderate protein deficiency: potential use in the assessment of nutritional status.
Alterations in splenic lymphoid cell subsets and activation antigens in copper-deficient rats.
Prenatal protein malnutrition and maternal behavior in Sprague-Dawley rats.
Pancreatic endocrine function in cystic fibrosis.
Methanol-induced visual toxicity in the rat.
Altered inotropic responses in diabetic cardiomyopathy and hypertensive-diabetic cardiomyopathy.
Concomitant medical disease and headache.
Hyperinsulinaemia in thyrotoxic hypokalaemic periodic paralysis.

