Renal replacement treatment for diabetic patients in Newcastle upon Tyne and the Northern region, 1964-88.
Outcome of renal replacement treatment in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Flow cytometric DNA analysis of parathyroid tumors. Implication of aneuploidy for pathologic and biologic classification.
Sex hormone receptors in human thyroid tissues.
Klinefelter's syndrome with anomalous origin of left main coronary artery
Effects of corticosteroids on mechanical strength of intervertebral joints and vertebrae in dogs.
Tests of thyroid function: update in the diagnosis and management of thyroid disease.
Management of primary hypothyroidism.
Lack of effect of clonidine and pentoxifylline in short-term therapy of diabetic peripheral neuropathy.
Measuring vibration sensations with graduated tuning fork. Simple and reliable means to detect diabetic patients at risk of neuropathic foot ulceration.
Diabetes, hyperinsulinemia, and hyperlipidemia in small aboriginal community in northern Australia.
Total serum glycosylated proteins in detection and monitoring of gestational diabetes.
Influenza infection and diabetes mellitus. Case for annual vaccination.
Relationship of psychiatric illness to impotence in men with diabetes.
Oral contraceptives in women with diabetes.
Comparison of HbA1 and fructosamine in diagnosis of glucose-tolerance abnormalities.
Fertility after contraception or abortion.
Secondary hypogonadism in hemochromatosis.
Effect of hyperinsulinemia and hyperglycemia on intracellular glucose and fat metabolism in healthy subjects.
Occurrence of type VI collagen in extracellular matrix of renal glomeruli and its increase in diabetes.
Effects of converting-enzyme inhibition on barrier function in diabetic glomerulopathy.
Interaction between insulin and glucose-delivery route in regulation of net hepatic glucose uptake in conscious dogs.
Heart-rate variability and cardiac autonomic function in diabetes.
Increased transcapillary escape rate of albumin in nondiabetic men in response to hyperinsulinemia.
Actions of novel antidiabetic agent englitazone in hyperglycemic hyperinsulinemic ob/ob mice.
Mutation of the signal peptide-encoding region of the preproparathyroid hormone gene in familial isolated hypoparathyroidism.
The diabetic foot. Soft tissue and bone infection.
Surgical treatment of thyrotropin-secreting pituitary adenomas.
Clonal origin of pituitary adenomas.
Trigger finger in young patients with insulin dependent diabetes.
New active analogues of vitamin D with low calcemic activity.
Parathyroidectomy in chronic renal failure: indications, surgical approach and the use of calcitriol.
Plasma prorenin activity and complications in children with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus
Receptor autoimmunity in endocrine disorders.
Estrogen deficiency in adolescents and young adults: impact on bone mineral content and effects of estrogen replacement therapy.
Correlation between first- and early third-trimester glucose screening test results.
Fructosamine compared with a glucose load as a screening test for gestational diabetes.
Hyperthecosis of the ovaries in a woman with a placental site trophoblastic tumor.
Diabetes insipidus associated with craniopharyngioma in pregnancy.
Progression of diabetic autonomic neuropathy over a decade in insulin-dependent diabetics.
The prevalence and risk factors associated with the onset of diabetic nephropathy in juvenile-onset (insulin-dependent) diabetics diagnosed under the age of 17 years in Leicestershire 1930-1985.
Studies on the pathogenesis of hypertension in Cushing's disease and acromegaly.
Persistent and recurrent hyperparathyroidism: assessment with gadopentetate dimeglumine-enhanced MR imaging.
Normal pituitary gland: coronal MR imaging of infundibular tilt.
Total parathyroidectomy and autotransplantation in hyperplasia of the parathyroid gland.
Surgical management of islet cell dysmaturation syndrome in young children.
Follicular cell predominance in the cytologic examination of dominant thyroid nodules indicates a sixty percent incidence of neoplasia.
Intraoperative parathormone level measurement in the management of hyperparathyroidism.
Leukoaraiosis, intracerebral hemorrhage, and arterial hypertension.
Risk factors for white matter changes detected by magnetic resonance imaging in the elderly.
Patient-related variables and restenosis after percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty--a report from the M-HEART Group.
Circadian rhythmicity of rate-normalized QT interval in hypothyroidism and its significance for development of class III antiarrhythmic agents.
Free alpha subunit of the pituitary glycoprotein hormones. Measurement in serum and tissue of patients with pituitary tumors.
Thymic hyperplasia. A clue to the diagnosis of hyperthyroidism.
Liver pathology in morbidly obese patients with and without diabetes.
Hyperkalemia in the elderly.
Geriatric diabetic nephropathy: an analysis of renal referral in patients age 60 or older.
Diabetes mellitus and hypertension.
Definitive localization of X-linked Kallman syndrome (hypogonadotropic hypogonadism and anosmia) to Xp22.3: close linkage to the hypervariable repeat sequence CRI-S232 [published erratum appears in Am J Hum Genet 1990 Nov;47(5):883]
Effect of dietary protein restriction on functional renal reserve in diabetic nephropathy.
Magnetic resonance imaging of radiation optic neuropathy.
Thyroid function and ultrasonically determined thyroid size in patients receiving long-term lithium treatment.
Initial failure of surgical exploration in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism.
Results of surgical treatment for hyperparathyroidism associated with renal disease.
Urgent management of a giant scrotal hernia.
Relation of hyperglycemia early in ischemic brain infarction to cerebral anatomy, metabolism, and clinical outcome.
Morbidity, mortality, and quality of life for patients treated with levothyroxine
Lipoprotein and apolipoprotein levels in subclinical hypothyroidism. Effect of levothyroxine therapy.
Solid and cystic ultimobranchial body remnants in the thyroid.
Long-term function of persons with atherosclerotic bilateral below-knee amputation living in the inner city.
The operative management of coexisting thyroid and parathyroid disease.
X-linked spinal muscular atrophy (Kennedy's syndrome). A kindred with hypobetalipoproteinemia.
Parathyroid hormone and the vascular response to norepinephrine.
Abnormal diastolic function in patients with type 1 diabetes and early nephropathy.
Lobular pattern of choriocapillaris in pre-eclampsia with aldosteronism.
Sodium-lithium countertransport activity in red cells of patients with insulin dependent diabetes and nephropathy and their parents
Unawareness of hypoglycaemia and inadequate hypoglycaemic counterregulation: no causal relation with diabetic autonomic neuropathy
Mastalgia refractory to drug treatment.
Through-knee amputation in high-risk patients with vascular disease: indications, complications and rehabilitation.
Aetiology of pancreatic cancer
Parathyroid autotransplantation
Total knee arthroplasty in diabetes mellitus.
Hypothyroidism and pleural effusions.
Axillosubclavian vein thrombosis produced by retrosternal thyroid.
Intercellular propagation of individually programmed growth bursts in FRTL-5 cells. Implications for interpreting growth factor actions.
Marked improvement of glucose homeostasis in diabetic ob/ob mice given oral vanadate.
Short-term administration of captopril and nifedipine and exercise-induced albuminuria in normotensive diabetic patients with early-stage nephropathy.
Anti-islet cell antibodies from NOD mice.
Insulin and hypertension. Relationship to obesity and glucose intolerance in Pima Indians.
Structural abnormality in LDL from diabetic patients as revealed by resonance Raman spectroscopy.
Metabolic effects of hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia on fate of intracellular glucose in NIDDM.
Is insulinlike growth factor I associated with diabetic retinopathy?
Metabolic effects of 1200-kcal diet in obese pregnant women with gestational diabetes.
Relationship between blood pressure and urinary albumin excretion in development of microalbuminuria.
Insulin-receptor autophosphorylation and endogenous substrate phosphorylation in human adipocytes from control, obese, and NIDDM subjects.
Multiple hormone elevations in Zollinger-Ellison syndrome. Prospective study of clinical significance and of the development of a second symptomatic pancreatic endocrine tumor syndrome.
Substance-P is present in a subset of thyrotrophs in the human pituitary.
Susceptibility to thyroid autoimmune disease: molecular analysis of HLA-D region genes identifies new markers for goitrous Hashimoto's thyroiditis.
Thyroid hormones influences sex steroid binding protein levels in infancy: study in congenital hypothyroidism.
Defective fasciculata zone function as the mechanism of glucocorticoid-remediable aldosteronism.
Insulin-like growth factor-I receptors in nonfunctioning thyroid nodules.
Short term treatment of acromegaly with the somatostatin analog octreotide: the first double-blind randomized placebo-controlled study on its effects.
Cold follicles in a multinodular human goiter arise partly from a failing iodide pump and partly from deficient iodine organification.
Primary hyperparathyroidism and severe hypercalcemia with low circulating 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D.
Low prevalence of thyrotropin receptor antibody in primary hypothyroidism in Japan.
Clonal origin of pituitary adenomas.
Effect of chronic treatment with the glucocorticoid antagonist RU 486 in man: toxicity, immunological, and hormonal aspects.
Adrenal medullitis in type I diabetes.
Minimal model analysis of intravenous glucose tolerance test-derived insulin sensitivity in diabetic subjects.
Parathyroid hormone and cirrhosis of the liver.
Tumor necrosis factor: a putative mediator of the sick euthyroid syndrome in man.
Thyroid abnormalities in the McCune-Albright syndrome: ultrasonography and hormonal studies.
Effects of repetitive administration of corticotropin-releasing hormone combined with lysine vasopressin on plasma adrenocorticotropin and cortisol levels in secondary adrenocortical insufficiency.
Gastrointestinal side-effects of octreotide during long-term treatment of acromegaly.
Thyroiditis as the presenting manifestation of disseminated extrapulmonary Pneumocystis carinii infection.
Eruptive seborrheic keratoses in a young woman with acromegaly.
Prolonged anginal perceptual threshold in diabetes: effects on exercise capacity and myocardial ischemia.
A review of iodine toxicity reports.
Risk factors for gallstones among Chinese in Taiwan. A community sonographic survey.
Screening diabetic patients for microalbuminuria.
Resistance to ischaemia of small afferent nerve fibres in diabetes mellitus.
Magnetic resonance imaging contrast agents: theory and application to the central nervous system.
Training obstetrics-and-gynecology residents to manage breast disease. Incorporation into a breast care clinic.
Isolated primary aldosteronism in a patient with adrenal carcinoma and XY/XXY mosaic Klinefelter's syndrome.
Parathyroid hormone-related peptide in plasma of patients with hypercalcemia and malignant lesions
Central changes in hypothyroid myopathy: a case report.
Thickness of carotid artery atherosclerotic plaque and ischemic risk.
Radiation necrosis of the optic chiasm, optic tract, hypothalamus, and upper pons after radiotherapy for pituitary adenoma, detected by gadolinium-enhanced, T1-weighted magnetic resonance imaging: case report.
Pituitary hemorrhage into a Rathke's cleft cyst
Suprasellar pituitary adenoma arising from the pars tuberalis: case report.
Treating diabetes in the elderly. What are the special considerations?
Aberrant splicing of androgen receptor mRNA results in synthesis of a nonfunctional receptor protein in a patient with androgen insensitivity.
Antidiabetic agents.
Adrenal dysfunction in patients with renal amyloid.
Long-term results following 131I treatment for Graves' disease in Hong Kong Chinese--discriminant factors predicting hypothyroidism.
Underexpression of beta cell high Km glucose transporters in noninsulin-dependent diabetes [published erratum appears in Science 1990 Nov 30;250(4985):1195]
Prevalence of previously undiagnosed hypothyroidism in residents of a midwestern nursing home [published erratum appears in South Med J 1991 Jul;84(7):936]
Tamoxifen therapy for painful idiopathic gynecomastia.
Cytophagic histiocytic panniculitis evolving into total lipodystrophy.
The predictive value of needle localization mammographically assisted biopsy of the breast.
Calcifications of the breast after reduction mammoplasty.
Severe primary hyperparathyroidism in a neonate having a parent with hypercalcemia: treatment by total parathyroidectomy and simultaneous heterotopic autotransplantation.
Silent myocardial ischemia and infarction in diabetics with peripheral vascular disease: assessment by dipyridamole thallium-201 scintigraphy.
Subgroups of patients with atypical circadian patterns of symptom onset in acute myocardial infarction.
Iodine and selenium deficiency associated with cretinism in northern Zaire.
Disproportionate septal hypertrophy associated with erythroblastosis fetalis.
Ultrasonography in the differentiation of complicated and uncomplicated acute pyelonephritis.
Does magnesium play a role in the hypokalemia of Bartter's syndrome?
The mutation for medullary thyroid carcinoma with parathyroid tumors (MTC with PTs) is closely linked to the centromeric region of chromosome 10.
A new DNA marker (D10S94) very tightly linked to the multiple endocrine neoplasia type 2A (MEN2A) locus.
Interrelationships between age, thyroid volume, thyroid nodularity, and thyroid function in patients with sporadic nontoxic goiter.
Amputation prevention in an independently reviewed at-risk diabetic population using a comprehensive wound care protocol.
Ponderal index as a predictor of postoperative complications.
Nonsurgical management of breast infections in nonlactating women. A word of caution.
Cardiovascular effects of the somatostatin analog octreotide in acromegaly.
Intraoperative blood pressure. What patterns identify patients at risk for postoperative complications?
Acute hypercalcemic crisis after an open heart operation.
Medical comorbidity of major depressive disorder in a primary medical practice.
Thyrotoxicosis induced by topical iodine application.
The influence of hyperglycemia and diabetes mellitus on immediate and 3-month morbidity and mortality after acute stroke.
Adverse mortality experience of a southwestern American Indian community: overall death rates and underlying causes of death in Pima Indians.
Gallstones, cholecystitis and diabetes [published erratum appears in Surg Gynecol Obstet 1991 Jul;173(1):72]
Unusual variants of adrenal pseudocysts with intracystic fat, myelolipomatous metaplasia, and metastatic carcinoma.
The influence of renal function on diabetic foot ulceration.
Simplified two-stage below-knee amputation for unsalvageable diabetic foot infections.
Distribution of elements and water in peripheral nerve of streptozocin-induced diabetic rats.
Influence of obesity, impaired glucose tolerance, and NIDDM on LDL structure and composition. Possible link between hyperinsulinemia and atherosclerosis.
Nephropathy in model combining genetic hypertension with experimental diabetes. Enalapril versus hydralazine and metoprolol therapy.
Epitope mapping of human thyroglobulin. Heterogeneous recognition by thyroid pathologic sera.
Genetic evidence equating SRY and the testis-determining factor.
A human XY female with a frame shift mutation in the candidate testis-determining gene SRY.
The selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor paroxetine is effective in the treatment of diabetic neuropathy symptoms.
Advanced protein glycosylation induces transendothelial human monocyte chemotaxis and secretion of platelet-derived growth factor: role in vascular disease of diabetes and aging.
Lithiumogenic disorders of the thyroid and parathyroid glands as surgical disease.
Multiple parathyroid adenomas: report of thirty-three cases.
Endosonography in the localization of parathyroid tumors: a preliminary study.
Oral calcium load test: diagnostic and physiologic implications in hyperparathyroidism.
Function in athymic nude mice of parathyroid heterografts from patients with primary hyperparathyroidism and secondary hyperparathyroidism.
Evaluation of metastatic cardiac calcification in a model of chronic primary hyperparathyroidism.
Cardiac calcific deposits in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism: preliminary results of a prospective echocardiographic study.
Hyperparathyroidism and cellular mechanisms of gastric acid secretion.
Management of Cushing's syndrome secondary to adrenal adenoma during pregnancy.
The role of adrenalectomy in Cushing's syndrome.
Cytoreductive hepatic surgery for neuroendocrine tumors.
The utility of circulating levels of human pancreatic polypeptide as a marker for islet cell tumors.
The intraoperative incidence of detectable bilateral and multicentric disease in papillary cancer of the thyroid.
Clinicopathologic and flow cytometric DNA study of medullary thyroid carcinoma.
Pericardial effusion in primary hypothyroidism.
Final height in boys with untreated constitutional delay in growth and puberty.
Short stature, mental retardation, and hypoparathyroidism: a new syndrome.
Hyperinsulinaemic hypoglycaemia in small for dates babies.
Reappraisal of thyroxine treatment in primary hypothyroidism.
Endocrine function and morphological findings in patients with disorders of the hypothalamo-pituitary area: a study with magnetic resonance.
Surgical strategy in thyroid disease.
Hyperinsulinemia increases the amount of GLUT4 mRNA in white adipose tissue and decreases that of muscles: a clue for increased fat depot and insulin resistance.
Physician documentation of diabetes care: use of a diabetes flow sheet and patient education clinic.
Primary adrenal insufficiency: a new cause of reversible gastric stasis.
Surgical complications of continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis.
In vitro and in vivo testing of an electrocatalytic glucose sensor.
Anti TSH-receptor antibodies in pregnant patients with autoimmune thyroid disorder.
Preoperative cytology and mammography in patients with single-duct nipple discharge treated by surgery.
Microdochectomy for discharge from a single lactiferous duct.
Thallous chloride uptake and DNA profile in parathyroid adenomas.
Sudden death associated with undiagnosed Graves' disease.
Parasympathetic nervous system activity in hypothyroidism determined by R-R interval variations on electrocardiogram.
Diagnostic applicability of intact and midregion/C-terminal parathyroid hormone assays in calcium metabolic disorders.
Coronary artery disease in Chinese males without hypercholesterolaemia
Rebound increase in serum thyrotropin, anti-'microsomal' antibodies and thyroglobulin after discontinuation of L-thyroxine.
Bartter's syndrome and diabetes mellitus.
Reliability of death certificate diagnoses.
An inconsistent relationship between insulin and blood pressure in three Pacific island populations.
Adenocarcinoma of the prostate in a 41-year-old man with XXY karyotype and chronic lymphocytic leukemia: report of a case.
The effect of epilepsy or diabetes mellitus on the risk of automobile accidents
Effect of restricting dietary protein on the progression of renal failure in patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus
Aldosterone synthesis in salt-wasting congenital adrenal hyperplasia with complete absence of adrenal 21-hydroxylase.
The risk for systemic vascular diseases and mortality in patients with central retinal vein occlusion.
Oral contraception in disease states.
Hemorrhagic pituitary adenomas: clinicopathological features and surgical treatment.
Diagnosis and management of precocious puberty.
Hyperthyroidism in children and adolescents.
Euthyroid low thyroxine (T4) and triiodothyronine (T3) states in prematures and sick neonates.
The Cushing syndromes.
Hyperandrogenism in peripubertal girls.
Primary and secondary testicular insufficiency.
Adolescent gynecomastia. Differential diagnosis and management.
Disorders of sexual differentiation and development. Psychological aspects.
Soft tissue calcification in renal failure.
Adrenal insufficiency in two women with anticardiolipin antibodies. Cause and effect?
Mathematical models of myosin heterodimer formation in the rat heart during thyroid hormone alterations.
Disparate effects of colchicine on thyroxine-induced cardiac hypertrophy and adrenoceptor changes.
Prevalence of diabetes and impaired glucose tolerance in elderly subjects and their association with obesity and family history of diabetes.
Weight gain associated with improved glycemic control in population-based sample of subjects with type I diabetes.
Obesity and diabetes in blacks.
Diabetic cardiomyopathy.
Chronic diabetic complications and tissue glycosylation. Relevant concern for diabetes-prone black population.
Hypertension and diabetes in blacks.
Anorectal sensory and motor function in neurogenic fecal incontinence. Comparison between multiple sclerosis and diabetes mellitus.
Radiologic manifestations in the musculoskeletal system of miscellaneous endocrine disorders.
Hyperparathyroidism.
The natural history of renal stone disease after parathyroidectomy for primary hyperparathyroidism.
Vitamin C and cardiovascular risk factors.
Distribution of deletions and seven point mutations on CYP21B genes in three clinical forms of steroid 21-hydroxylase deficiency.
Lipid abnormalities, renal failure, and parathyroid hormone.
17 alpha-hydroxylase deficiency masquerading as primary hyperaldosteronism.
Renal disease in noninsulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Locally recurrent parathyroid neoplasms as a cause for recurrent and persistent primary hyperparathyroidism.
Low serum thyrotropin (thyroid-stimulating hormone) in older persons without hyperthyroidism.
Menopausal estrogen replacement therapy and breast cancer
Topical treatment of necrotic foot ulcers in diabetic patients: a comparative trial of DuoDerm and MeZinc.
Emphysematous pyelonephritis: surgical implications.
A study of cyproheptadine in the treatment of metastatic carcinoid tumor and the malignant carcinoid syndrome.
Novel antigens characteristic of neuroendocrine malignancies.
Nature of altered growth hormone secretion in hyperthyroidism.
Thyroid ultrasonography helps to identify patients with diffuse lymphocytic thyroiditis who are prone to develop hypothyroidism.
Falsely elevated serum parathyroid hormone levels due to immunoglobulin G in a patient with idiopathic hypoparathyroidism.
3 alpha-Androstanediol glucuronide in premature and normal pubarche.
Pulsatile thyrotropin release and thyroid function in acromegalics before and during subcutaneous octreotide infusion.
The role of free fatty acid metabolism in the pathogenesis of insulin resistance in obesity and noninsulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Monoclonal antibody B72.3 in benign breast lesions.
Thyroid function in a healthy elderly population: implications for clinical evaluation.
Early inappropriate secretion of antidiuretic hormone after trans-sphenoidal pituitary adenomectomy.
Glucose tolerance and hyperinsulinaemia in obese women: role of adipose tissue distribution, muscle fibre characteristics and androgens.
Skeletal scintigraphy in coeliac disease.
Assessment of pupillary light reflex latency and darkness adapted pupil size in control subjects and in diabetic patients with and without cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy.
Parathyroid autotransplantation during thyroid surgery.
Lymphoedema/hypercalcaemia syndrome mediated by parathyroid-hormone-related protein.
The acromegalic rosary
Predictors of long-term cardiac survival in patients with multivessel coronary artery disease undergoing percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty.
Hyponatremia and hyperreninemic hypoaldosteronism in a critically ill patient: combination of insensitivity to angiotensin II and tubular unresponsiveness to mineralocorticoid.
Intraperitoneal phosphate administration in hungry bone syndrome.
Epidermal growth factor induces the functional expression of dopamine receptors in the GH3 cell line.
The gonadotropin-releasing hormone associated peptide reduces calcium entry in prolactin-secreting cells.
Thyroid hormones and 5'-deiodinase in the rat fetus late in gestation: effects of maternal hypothyroidism.
Single cell levels of hypothalamic messenger ribonucleic acid encoding luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone in intact, castrated, and hyperprolactinemic male rats.
Mesenteric blood flow in patients with diabetic neuropathy.
Thyroid disease and pregnancy.
Thyroid disease in the elderly.
Iodine and thyroid disease.
Thyroid crises.
The problem of the nodular goiter.
The effects of nonthyroid disease and drugs on thyroid function tests.
Advances in molecular biology. Potential impact on diagnosis and treatment of disorders of the thyroid.
Thyroiditis. Acute, subacute, and chronic.
Normal and abnormal pituitary glands: gadopentetate dimeglumine-enhanced MR imaging.
Inheritance of proliferative breast disease in breast cancer kindreds.
Neuroendocrine carcinoma of the ampulla of vater. A case of absence of somatostatin in a vasoactive intestinal polypeptide-, bombesin-, and cholecystokinin-producing tumor.
Null cell adenoma of the pituitary with features of plurihormonality and plurimorphous differentiation.
Multiple adenomas of the human pituitary. A retrospective autopsy study with clinical implications.
Long-term follow-up in toxic solitary autonomous thyroid nodules treated with radioactive iodine
Observations on the pathophysiology of Nelson's syndrome: a report of three cases.
"Moustache" appearance in craniopharyngiomas: unique magnetic resonance imaging and computed tomographic findings of perifocal edema.
Identification of a cDNA encoding a second putative prohormone convertase related to PC2 in AtT20 cells and islets of Langerhans.
Parathyroidectomy in chronic renal failure: a nine-year follow-up study.
A prospective study of double diagnosis of nonpalpable lesions of the breast.
Risk for postoperative congestive heart failure.
Effects of pentoxifylline on proteinuria in normotensive patients with diabetes mellitus.
Managing the whole patient with hypertension: practical applications in a clinical setting.
Adrenal insufficiency in the cancer patient: implications for the surgeon.
Infrainguinal bypass surgery: factors determining late graft patency.
Estimated burden of diabetes mellitus in Manitoba according to health insurance claims: a pilot study.
Cardiac sympathetic tone in anaesthetized diabetics.
Lifelong sequential changes in glucose tolerance and insulin secretion in genetically obese Zucker rats (fa/fa) fed a diabetogenic diet.
Binding and action of insulin-like growth factor I in pituitary tumor cells.
Sexual dimorphism of pancreatic beta-cell degeneration in transgenic mice expressing an insulin-ras hybrid gene.
Pulsatile luteinizing hormone secretion in normal female mice and in hypogonadal female mice with preoptic area implants.
Genetic data and natural history of Friedreich's disease: a study of 80 Italian patients.
Gynecomastia. A bothersome but readily treatable problem.
Musculoskeletal abnormalities in a patient with juvenile hypothyroidism.
Infrainguinal revascularization for limb salvage in patients with end-stage renal disease.
New approaches to improve diabetes control
Is hyperglycemia associated with cardiovascular disease? The Framingham Study.
Cardiovascular risk factor levels in ethnic Hawaiians.
Riedel's thyroiditis.
Giant breast hematoma requiring blood transfusion: an unusual complication after an echocardiographic study during thrombolytic therapy.
Extracapsular cataract surgery with lens implantation in diabetics with and without proliferative retinopathy
The long-term effects of radiation therapy on patients with ovarian dysgerminoma.
Lack of effect of isoproterenol on unloaded velocity of sarcomere shortening in rat cardiac trabeculae.
In-hospital and 1-year mortality in 1,524 women after myocardial infarction. Comparison with 4,315 men.
Reduced plasma noradrenaline concentrations in simple-obese and diabetic obese patients.
Major cross-country differences in risk of dying for people with IDDM. Diabetes Epidemiology Research International Mortality Study Group.
Serum levels of tumor necrosis factor and IL-1 alpha and IL-1 beta in diabetic patients.
Relationship of limited joint mobility to abnormal foot pressures and diabetic foot ulceration.
Risk factors for development of diabetic nephropathy and retinopathy in Jewish IDDM patients.
Low growth hormone levels are related to increased body mass index and do not reflect impaired growth in luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone agonist-treated children with precocious puberty.
Serum osteocalcin in patients taking L-thyroxine who have subclinical hyperthyroidism.
Antihypertensive drugs and glucose metabolism: comparison between a diuretic, a beta-blocker and felodipine, a new calcium antagonist in subjects with arterial hypertension and diabetes.
Somatostatin analogue, octreotide, reduces increased glomerular filtration rate and kidney size in insulin-dependent diabetes.
Hyperinsulinaemia and microvascular angina ("syndrome X")
Effects of hypothyroidism on bronchial reactivity in non-asthmatic subjects.
Cytologic identification of clinically occult proliferative breast disease in women with a family history of breast cancer.
Accuracy of portable blood glucose monitoring. Effect of glucose level and prandial state
Ten years' experience with continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis.
Continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis: ten years at one facility.
The effects of iodoprophylaxis on thyroid size during pregnancy.
Differential expression of basement membrane collagen chains in diabetic nephropathy.
Long-term evaluation of indobufen in peripheral vascular disease.
Multilevel occlusive vascular disease presenting with gangrene.
Steroid cell tumor of the ovary in a child.
Spectral analysis of heart rate in diabetic autonomic neuropathy. A comparison with standard tests of autonomic function.
The Lens Opacities Case-Control Study. Risk factors for cataract.
Myocardial magnesium: relation to laboratory and clinical variables in patients undergoing cardiac surgery.
Role of thyroid hormone in the development of beta adrenergic control of ornithine decarboxylase in rat heart and kidney.
Gonadotropin releasing hormones. Clinical applications in gynecology.
Progressive coma after the transsphenoidal decompression of a pituitary adenoma with marked suprasellar extension: report of two cases.
Evolving natural history of coronary artery disease in diabetes mellitus.
Diabetic nephropathy: can the natural history be modified?
Genetics of common diseases of adulthood. Implications for prenatal counseling and diagnosis.
Bile acids in human plasma interfere with cholecystokinin bioassay using dispersed pancreatic acini.
Effects of cigarette smoking on thyroid function and the prevalence of goitre, thyrotoxicosis and autoimmune thyroiditis.
Potential role of insulin in the clearance of remnant lipoproteins in dysbetalipoproteinaemia.
Fine-needle aspiration biopsy of head and neck lesions.
Hypercalciuria in parathyroid disorders: effect of dietary sodium control.
Artifactual elevation of thyroid-stimulating hormone.
The prevalence of tardive dyskinesia in neuroleptic-treated diabetics. A controlled study.
Diabetes care in a rural primary health care district where patient education is given high priority. Metabolic evaluation.
Plasma intact parathyroid hormone (PTH) and PTH-related peptide in familial benign hypercalcemia: greater responsiveness to endogenous PTH than in primary hyperparathyroidism.
A comparison of the efficacy and safety of pergolide and bromocriptine in the treatment of hyperprolactinemia.
Preliminary characterization of growth factors secreted by human pituitary tumors.
Pneumocystis carinii infection of the thyroid in a hypothyroid patient with AIDS: diagnosis by fine needle aspiration biopsy.
Increased serum beta 2-microglobulin concentrations in hyperthyroid states.
Observer variation in the clinical assessment of the thyroid gland.
Contrasting effects of lisinopril and nifedipine on albuminuria and tubular transport functions in insulin dependent diabetics with nephropathy.
Transient hypoparathyroidism during acute alcohol intoxication.
Postoperative computed tomographic evaluation of patients with large pituitary tumors treated with operative decompression and radiation therapy.
Abnormalities of glucose tolerance following gestational diabetes.
Incidence, causes and mechanism of hypercalcaemia in a hospital population in Hong Kong.
Somatostatin and analogues in the treatment of cancer. A review
Smoking during pregnancy: a significant cause of neonatal thyroid enlargement.
Comparison between perindopril and nifedipine in hypertensive and normotensive diabetic patients with microalbuminuria. Melbourne Diabetic Nephropathy Study Group
Misinterpretation of the upper parathyroid adenoma on thallium-201/technetium-99m subtraction scintigraphy.
Solitary thyroid nodule: a prospective evaluation of nuclear scanning and ultrasonography.
Is islet amyloid polypeptide a significant factor in pathogenesis or pathophysiology of diabetes?
Newly identified pancreatic protein islet amyloid polypeptide. What is its relationship to diabetes?
Immunobiological consequence of regulation of insulin receptor on alloactivated lymphocytes in normal and obese subjects.
Increased incidence of diabetes mellitus in relation to abdominal adiposity in older women.
Charcot's disease in diabetic patients. Correct diagnosis can prevent progressive deformity.
Premixed insulins. How do they compare with other insulin preparations?
Portable blood glucose meters. Teaching patients how to correctly monitor diabetes.
Direct evidence that ganglioside is an integral component of the thyrotropin receptor.
Hypogonadal impotence treated by transdermal testosterone.
Diabetic nephropathy: changing concepts of pathogenesis and treatment.
Prevalence and association of asteroid hyalosis with systemic diseases.
A new syndrome of congenital hypoparathyroidism, severe growth failure, and dysmorphic features.
Depot testosterone in boys with anorchia or gonadotrophin deficiency: effect on growth rate and adult height.
Papillary endothelial hyperplasia in the thyroid following fine-needle aspiration.
Antecedent medical diseases in patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. A population-based case-controlled study in Rochester, Minn, 1925 through 1987.
Ductal carcinoma in situ with microinvasion. A curable entity using surgery alone without need for adjuvant therapy.
Quantitation of skin vasomotor control in normal subjects and in diabetic patients with autonomic neuropathy.
Postoperative ectopic craniopharyngioma. Case report.
Hyperkalemia in acute glomerulonephritis due to transient hyporeninemic hypoaldosteronism.
Pathophysiological aspects of edema formation in diabetic nephropathy.
Red cell Na+/Li+ countertransport in non-insulin-dependent diabetics with diabetic nephropathy.
Elevated serum testosterone, hirsutism, and virilism associated with combined androgen-estrogen hormone replacement therapy.
Thyroid and parathyroid cancer.
Endocrine function in children with human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Bone mineral density in postmenopausal women treated with L-thyroxine.
Percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty in hypothyroidism.
Report of an association between race and thyroid stimulating hormone level.
Association of waist to hip ratio and family history with the prevalence of NIDDM among 25,272 adult, white females.
Audit of diabetes in general practice.
Evaluation of the fine needle aspiration biopsy in the preoperative selection of cold thyroid nodules.
Hyperfunctioning metastatic follicular thyroid carcinoma in Pendred's syndrome.
Transforming growth factor-alpha and -beta are potent and effective inhibitors of GH4 pituitary tumor cell proliferation.
Central role of brown adipose tissue thyroxine 5'-deiodinase on thyroid hormone-dependent thermogenic response to cold.
Chronic hyperglycemia increases the density of glucose transporters in human erythrocyte membranes.
Serum luteinizing hormone concentrations, as measured by a sensitive immunoradiometric assay, in children with normal, precocious or delayed pubertal development.
The prevalence and nature of podiatric problems in elderly diabetic patients.
Follow-up of mild hypothyroidism in a nursing home.
Optimal iodine-131 dose for eliminating hyperthyroidism in Graves' disease.
Ultrastructural changes in impotent penile tissue: a comparison of 65 patients.
Comparative ophthalmologic studies on children and adults with craniopharyngiomas.
Diabetic hyperglycemia: link to impaired glucose transport in pancreatic beta cells.
Endocrine and renal effects of nifedipine gastrointestinal therapeutic system in patients with essential hypertension. Results of a multicenter trial. The Modern Approach to the Treatment of Hypertension Study Group.
Metabolic considerations in hypertension.
Radionuclide imaging in otolaryngology-head and neck surgery.
Determinants of mild fasting hypertriglyceridaemia in non-insulin-dependent diabetes.
How efficient is sliding-scale insulin therapy? Problems with a 'cookbook' approach in hospitalized patients.
Addison's disease.
Resolved and unresolved issues in the prevention and treatment of coronary artery disease: a workshop consensus statement.
The epidemiology of impaired glucose tolerance and hypertension.
Insulin resistance and compensatory hyperinsulinemia: role in hypertension, dyslipidemia, and coronary heart disease.
Nerve conduction studies and vibration perception thresholds in diabetic and uremic neuropathy.
Klinefelter syndrome: the need for early identification and treatment.
Role of oxidative stress in development of complications in diabetes.
Lilly lecture 1990. Molecular defects in diabetes mellitus.
Adipose tissue glucose transporters in NIDDM. Decreased levels of muscle/fat isoform.
Study in Tanzania of impaired glucose tolerance. Methodological myth?
Fatty acid distribution in systems modeling the normal and diabetic human circulation. A 13C nuclear magnetic resonance study.
Evaluation of thermal and pain sensitivity in type I diabetic patients.
Case-control study of coronary heart disease risk factors in the elderly.
Efficacy and complications of radiotherapy of anterior visual pathway tumors.
Results of transsphenoidal extirpation of craniopharyngiomas and Rathke's cysts.
Gonadotroph adenoma of the pituitary mimicking a prolactinoma.
Coexpression of galanin and adrenocorticotropic hormone in human pituitary and pituitary adenomas.
Expression of neural cell adhesion molecule in normal and neoplastic human neuroendocrine tissues.
In-vitro assessment of a hypersensitivity syndrome associated with sorbinil.
Influence of the thyroid on exocrine pancreatic function.
Autoimmune chronic active hepatitis in a family.
Salt blocks the renal benefits of ramipril in diabetic hypertensive rats.
Fusiform dilatations of the carotid artery following radical surgery of childhood craniopharyngiomas.
PET as a tool in the clinical evaluation of pituitary adenomas.
Neuropathy, myopathy and destructive arthropathy in primary hypothyroidism.
Concordance for dyslipidemic hypertension in male twins.
A novel cyclin encoded by a bcl1-linked candidate oncogene
Migratory arrest of gonadotropin-releasing hormone neurons in transgenic mice.
Psammomatous melanotic schwannoma: an additional component of Carney's complex. Report of a case.
Pneumocystis carinii infection presenting as necrotizing thyroiditis and hypothyroidism.
Computerised axial tomography of the trachea. A useful investigation when a retrosternal goitre causes symptomatic tracheal compression.
Amount and speed of fast axonal transport in diabetes.
Use of in vitro clonogenic assays to differentiate acquired from genetic causes of insulin resistance.
Comparison of 1,5-anhydroglucitol, HbA1c, and fructosamine for detection of diabetes mellitus.
Priapism in hypogonadal men receiving gonadotropin releasing hormone.
Asymptomatic bacteriuria in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Emergency department management of thyrotoxic crisis with esmolol.
Hyperreninemic hypoaldosteronism due to hepatocellular carcinoma metastatic to the adrenal gland.
Characterization of a liver low Michaelis-Menten constant 3',5'-cyclic adenosine monophosphate phosphodiesterase activity sensitive to thyroid status.
Effects of N-methyl-D,L-aspartic acid on luteinizing hormone secretion in normal mice and in hypogonadal mice with fetal preoptic area implants.
Effects of short and long duration hypothyroidism and hyperthyroidism on the plasma adrenocorticotropin and corticosterone responses to ovine corticotropin-releasing hormone in rats.
Dietary habits of elderly persons with diabetes.
Anaerobic pathogenesis: collagenase production by Peptostreptococcus magnus and its relationship to site of infection.
Hyperinsulinaemia in thyrotoxic hypokalaemic periodic paralysis.
Strategies in diabetes mellitus. Start of a new era.
Salmonella myonecrosis in a patient with diabetes mellitus.
Late recovery of function after oculomotor nerve palsy.
Invasive polymycotic pneumonia in an uncontrolled diabetic.
Malignant Brenner tumor of the testis and epididymis.
Mechanisms of hypertension in diabetes.
Complications following thyroid surgery.

