Varicella with delayed hemiplegia.
Abnormal differentiation of human papillomavirus-induced laryngeal papillomas.
Laser photodynamic therapy for papilloma viral lesions.
Prevalence of HIV antibody and pregnancy in Tayside, 1984-9: background to screening.
Gastrointestinal function and structure in HIV-positive patients.
Influenza infection and diabetes mellitus. Case for annual vaccination.
Disseminated cutaneous herpes zoster following cardiac surgery.
Oligoclonal T cell receptor gene rearrangements in blood lymphocytes of patients with acute Epstein-Barr virus-induced infectious mononucleosis.
Cutaneous lesions of disseminated histoplasmosis in human immunodeficiency virus-infected patients.
Itraconazole in opportunistic mycoses: cryptococcosis and aspergillosis.
Itraconazole therapy in aspergillosis: study in 49 patients.
Resistance to infection by HIV-1 of peripheral blood mononuclear cells from HIV-1-infected patients is probably mediated by neutralizing antibodies.
Endemic Kaposi's sarcoma in human immunodeficiency virus type 1-seronegative persons: demonstration of retrovirus-like particles in cutaneous lesions.
Assessment of platelet antibody by flow cytometric and ELISA techniques: a comparison study.
Use of CT and MR imaging to distinguish intracranial lesions and to define the need for biopsy in AIDS patients
Disturbances in the cerebral perfusion of human immune deficiency virus-1 seropositive asymptomatic subjects: a quantitative tomography study of 18 cases.
Nebulized albuterol in acute bronchiolitis.
Immunologic and pathologic manifestations of the infection of rhesus monkeys with simian immunodeficiency virus of macaques.
A report of eight HIV-seropositive patients with major depression responding to fluoxetine.
Relationship between AIDS latency period and AIDS survival time in homosexual and bisexual men.
The risk of development of HTLV-I-associated myelopathy/tropical spastic paraparesis among persons infected with HTLV-I.
A study of HTLV-I and its associated risk factors in Trinidad and Tobago.
Acute central nervous system symptoms caused by ibuprofen in connective tissue disease.
Transmission of HIV-1 infections from mothers to infants in Haiti. Impact on childhood mortality and malnutrition. The CDS/JHU AIDS Project Team.
Acute sensorineural deafness in Lassa fever
Antibody persistence in Gambian children after high-dose Edmonston-Zagreb measles vaccine.
Congenital syphilis presenting in infants after the newborn period
Colposcopic survey of Papanicolaou test-negative cases with hyperkeratosis or parakeratosis.
Oral and pharyngeal herpes simplex virus infection after allogeneic bone marrow transplantation: analysis of factors associated with infection.
Infectious diarrhea. Managing a misery that is still worldwide.
Productive human immunodeficiency virus infection levels correlate with AIDS-related manifestations in the patient.
Polymerase chain reaction evidence for human immunodeficiency virus 1 neutralization by passive immunization in patients with AIDS and AIDS-related complex.
Evidence for susceptibility of intrathymic T-cell precursors and their progeny carrying T-cell antigen receptor phenotypes TCR alpha beta + and TCR gamma delta + to human immunodeficiency virus infection: a mechanism for CD4+ (T4) lymphocyte depletion.
Oral findings in HIV-infected patients attending a department of internal medicine: the contribution of intraoral examination towards the clinical management of HIV disease
Subacute sclerosing panencephalitis in black children--a review of 18 cases.
Assessing the risk of occupational acquisition of the human immunodeficiency virus: implications for hospital policy.
Cytomegalovirus-induced osteomyelitis in a patient with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Risk factors for white matter changes detected by magnetic resonance imaging in the elderly.
Isolation of measles virus in primary rhesus monkey cells from a child with acute interstitial pneumonia who cytologically had giant-cell pneumonia without a rash.
Disseminated, nonmeningeal gastrointestinal cryptococcal infection in an HIV-negative patient.
Sexually transmitted diseases and human immunodeficiency virus infection among women with pelvic inflammatory disease.
High infectious morbidity in pregnant women with insulin-dependent diabetes: an understated complication.
The use of in situ hybridization to show human papillomavirus deoxyribonucleic acid in metastatic cancer cells within lymph nodes.
Rapidly progressive outer retinal necrosis in the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome
Perturbation of differentiated functions during viral infection in vivo. In vivo relationship of host genes and lymphocytic choriomeningitis virus to growth hormone deficiency.
Central airway obstruction due to cytomegalovirus-induced necrotizing tracheitis in a patient with AIDS.
Spontaneous splenic rupture following infectious mononucleosis.
Suppression of herpes simplex virus type 1 reactivation from latency by (+-)-9-([(Z)-2-(hydroxymethyl)cyclohexyl]methyl) guanine (L-653,180) in vitro.
Treatment of adult chickenpox with oral acyclovir.
Sensitivity and specificity of various morphological features of cervical condylomas. An in situ hybridization study.
No evidence for human T-cell leukemia virus type I or human T-cell leukemia virus type II infection in patients with multiple sclerosis.
Failure to detect human T-cell leukemia virus-related sequences in multiple sclerosis blood.
Characterization of a macrophage-tropic HIV strain that does not alter macrophage cytokine production yet protects macrophages from superinfection by vesicular stomatitis virus.
Role of the monocyte-macrophage in influenza virus infection of lymphocytes: implications for HIV infection.
HIV-1 infection of lung alveolar fibroblasts and macrophages in humans.
Antibody-enhanced infection of monocytes as the pathogenetic mechanism for severe dengue illness.
Chickenpox chorioretinitis.
Wegener's granulomatosis presenting during first trimester of pregnancy.
An anonymous seroprevalence survey of HIV infection among pregnant women in British Columbia and the Yukon Territory
Undiagnosed tuberculosis in patients with human immunodeficiency virus infection
Pulmonary manifestations of disseminated cryptococcosis in patients with AIDS.
Infection of mice with lactate dehydrogenase-elevating virus destroys the subpopulation of Kupffer cells involved in receptor-mediated endocytosis of lactate dehydrogenase and other enzymes.
Transfusion risks.
Chronic encephalitis caused by leukoencephalopathy.
Sensitivity of digoxigenin and biotin labelled probes for detection of human papillomavirus by in situ hybridisation.
In situ hybridisation with digoxigenin-labelled DNA probes for detection of viral genomes.
Application of 1 nm gold probes on paraffin wax sections for in situ hybridisation histochemistry.
Use of immunoelectron microscopy to show Ebola virus during the 1989 United States epizootic.
Immunocytochemical analysis of lymph node aspirates in patients with human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Cutaneous horn of the penis: its association with squamous cell carcinoma and HPV-16 infection.
Widespread flat warts associated with human papillomavirus type 5: a cutaneous manifestation of human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Pharmacokinetics of indium-111-labeled antimyosin monoclonal antibody in murine experimental viral myocarditis.
The role of antihistamines in otitis.
Immunology of AIDS related to psoriasis.
The role of human immunodeficiency virus infection in pneumococcal bacteremia in San Francisco residents.
Use of polymerase chain reaction for successful identification of asymptomatic genital infection with herpes simplex virus in pregnant women at delivery.
Measles antibody: reevaluation of protective titers.
Measles incidence, vaccine efficacy, and mortality in two urban African areas with high vaccination coverage.
Evaluation of WC3 rotavirus vaccine and correlates of protection in healthy infants.
Coccidioidomycosis in human immunodeficiency virus-infected patients.
Quantitative detection of brain aberrations in human immunodeficiency virus type 1-infected individuals by magnetic resonance imaging.
Distribution and specific identification of papillomavirus major capsid protein epitopes by immunocytochemistry and epitope scanning of synthetic peptides.
Occurrence of groups A and B of respiratory syncytial virus over 15 years: associated epidemiologic and clinical characteristics in hospitalized and ambulatory children.
Effect of vaccination on serotype-specific antibody responses in infants administered WC3 bovine rotavirus before or after a natural rotavirus infection.
Pichinde virus infection in strain 13 guniea pigs reduces intestinal protein reflection coefficient with compensation.
Seroprevalence of human T cell leukemia viruses in selected populations of homosexual men.
Confocal microscopic detection of human immunodeficiency virus RNA-producing cells.
Rotavirus-specific antibody response in saliva of infants with rotavirus diarrhea.
Infectious mononucleosis complicated by lingual tonsillitis.
Adult immunization in a network of family practice residency programs.
Psychological functioning in a cohort of gay men at risk for AIDS. A three-year descriptive study.
Implementation of preventive services in an HMO practice.
Adult immunizations: are they worth the trouble?
Early ribavirin treatment of respiratory syncytial viral infection in high-risk children.
Urinary retention due to sacral myeloradiculitis: a clinical and neurophysiological study.
Type-specific antigens for serological discrimination of HTLV-I and HTLV-II infection.
Cytomegalovirus and Rasmussen's encephalitis
Primary central nervous system lymphoma in patients with and without the acquired immune deficiency syndrome. A retrospective analysis and review of the literature.
Use of single fiber EMG and macro EMG in study of reinnervation.
The agent of bacillary angiomatosis. An approach to the identification of uncultured pathogens
Clinical and pathological features of bacillary peliosis hepatis in association with human immunodeficiency virus infection
A newly recognized fastidious gram-negative pathogen as a cause of fever and bacteremia
Circulating CD8+ cytotoxic T lymphocytes specific for HTLV-I pX in patients with HTLV-I associated neurological disease.
The myelodysplastic syndromes. Case report and review.
Diagnosis of oral hairy leukoplakia by ultrastructural examination of exfoliative cytologic specimens.
Nosocomial bacteremias in measles.
Clinical features of adenovirus enteritis: a review of 127 cases.
Study design considerations for ribavirin: efficacy studies.
Transbronchial biopsies in children after heart-lung transplantation.
A rhesus monkey model for sexual transmission of a papillomavirus isolated from a squamous cell carcinoma.
Interferon system and natural killer cell activity in myasthenia gravis.
Bacterial tracheitis: report of eight new cases and review.
Early treatment with acyclovir for varicella pneumonia in otherwise healthy adults: retrospective controlled study and review.
Tropical neuromyelopathies and retroviruses: a review.
Measles in Israel, the West Bank, and Gaza: continuing incidence and the case for a new eradication strategy.
Impact of cytomegalovirus infection on organ transplant recipients.
Syphilis, human immunodeficiency virus infection, and targeting prevention.
Ocular disease associated with Epstein-Barr virus infection.
American blood donors seropositive for human T-lymphotropic virus types I/II exhibit normal lymphocyte subsets.
Efficiency of white cell filtration and a freeze-thaw procedure for removal of HIV-infected cells from blood.
Measles update.
HIV disease: a review for the family physician. Part II. Secondary infections, malignancy and experimental therapy.
Comparison of Southern transfer hybridization and dot filter hybridization for detection of cervical human papillomavirus infection with types 6, 11, 16, 18, 31, 33, and 35.
Pregnancy outcomes among mothers infected with human immunodeficiency virus and uninfected control subjects.
Extensive vulvar and vaginal varicella necessitating abdominal delivery.
Modeling the impact of breast-feeding by HIV-infected women on child survival [published erratum appears in Am J Public Health 1991 May;81(5):658-9]
HIV seroconversion in two homosexual men after receptive oral intercourse with ejaculation: implications for counseling concerning safe sexual practices.
Human T cell lymphotropic virus infection in Guaymi Indians from Panama.
High incidence of viral hepatitis among American missionaries in Africa.
Association of acute colonic pseudo-obstruction (Ogilvie's syndrome) with herpes zoster.
Infection with human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) among recipients of antibody-positive blood donations
Delayed endolymphatic hydrops and its relationship to Meniere's disease.
Characterization of the dermal infiltrate in human immunodeficiency virus-infected patients with psoriasis.
Sulfadiazine crystalluria revisited. The treatment of Toxoplasma encephalitis in patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Retrovirus from human T-cell leukemia virus type I-associated myelopathy is the same strain as a prototype human T-cell leukemia virus type I.
Silent infections with human immunodeficiency virus type 1 are highly unlikely in multitransfused seronegative hemophiliacs.
Predominance of polymorphonuclear leukocytes in cerebrospinal fluid of AIDS patients with cytomegalovirus polyradiculomyelitis.
Acute syphilitic posterior placoid chorioretinitis.
Mapping of herpes simplex virus-1 neurovirulence to gamma 134.5, a gene nonessential for growth in culture.
Infectious mononucleosis in older adults.
Primary lymphoma of the central nervous system in two children with acquired immune deficiency syndrome.
Idiopathic sudden sensorineural hearing loss and postnatal viral labyrinthitis: a statistical comparison of temporal bone findings.
Lymphomatoid granulomatosis presenting as ulcerodestructive gastrointestinal tract lesions in patients with human immunodeficiency virus infection. A new association.
Disseminated strongyloidiasis with central nervous system involvement diagnosed antemortem in a patient with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome and Burkitts lymphoma.
Does prematurity alter the course of respiratory syncytial virus infection?
Tracheal stenosis and failure to wean from mechanical ventilation due to herpetic tracheitis.
Herpes simplex virus hepatitis in pregnancy. Two patients successfully treated with acyclovir.
Gastrointestinal motor dysfunction in acquired selective cholinergic dysautonomia associated with infectious mononucleosis.
Hepatic fibrin-ring granulomas in a patient with hepatitis A.
Are stressful life events risk factors for herpes zoster?
Human immunodeficiency virus and the primary care physician.
Immunopathology and viral reactivation. A general theory of schizophrenia.
Chancroid and the role of genital ulcer disease in the spread of human retroviruses.
Human papillomavirus infections of the genital tract.
The emergence of hepatitis B as a sexually transmitted disease.
Epidemiology of human immunodeficiency virus infection in women in the United States.
Primary care of women infected with the human immunodeficiency virus.
Isolation of human T-cell lymphotropic virus type 2 from Guaymi Indians in Panama.
Immunological studies of the basis for the apathogenicity of simian immunodeficiency virus from African green monkeys.
Granulomatous Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia in a patient with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Bronchoalveolar lavage via a modified stomach tube in intubated patients with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome and diffuse pneumonia.
Current report--HIV. AIDS at the crossroads: a report from the 1990 International Conference on AIDS--San Francisco.
The incidence of myocarditis in endomyocardial biopsy samples from patients with congestive heart failure.
Effect of delayed captopril therapy on left ventricular mass and myonecrosis during acute coxsackievirus murine myocarditis.
Central retinal artery obstruction in herpes zoster ophthalmicus and cerebral vasculopathy.
Central nervous system vasculitis after chickenpox--cause or coincidence?
Continued need for pneumococcal prophylaxis after splenectomy
Five year prospective study of HIV infection in the Edinburgh haemophiliac cohort
Causes, diagnosis, and treatment of pharyngitis.
Increasing incidence of varicella hospitalizations in United States Army and Navy personnel: are today's teenagers more susceptible? Should recruits be vaccinated?
A routine tool for detection and assessment of epidemics of influenza-like syndromes in France.
Increased septic complications with three-drug sequential immunosuppression for cadaver renal transplants.
Cerebrospinal fluid neopterin in human immunodeficiency virus type 1 infection.
An HIV-1 and HIV-2 cross-reactive cytotoxic T-cell epitope.
Response of mononuclear cells from HIV-infected patients to B-cell mitogens: correlation with immunological and clinical features of disease progression.
AIDS following mother-to-child transmission of HIV-2.
An analysis of the economic impact of HIV infection among patients at Mama Yemo Hospital, Kinshasa, Zaire.
A semiquantitative microassay for measurement of relative number of blood mononuclear cells infected with human immunodeficiency virus.
Cumulative AIDS incidence and altered mortality from bacterial infections.
Complications of Tenckhoff catheters post removal.
Cerebrospinal norepinephrine concentrations and the duration of epidural analgesia
A phase I study of recombinant human interferon-alpha 2a or human lymphoblastoid interferon-alpha n1 and concomitant zidovudine in patients with AIDS-related Kaposi's sarcoma.
CD4+ monocyte counts in persons with HIV-1 infection: an early increase is followed by a progressive decline.
Cigarette smoking: a modifier of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 infection?
Rectourethral fistula caused by Kaposi's sarcoma.
Preliminary report: protection of cynomolgus macaques against simian immunodeficiency virus by fixed infected-cell vaccine
Asymptomatic and neurologically symptomatic HIV-seropositive individuals: prospective evaluation with cranial MR imaging.
The safety and immunogenicity of a human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) recombinant gp160 candidate vaccine in humans. NIAID AIDS Vaccine Clinical Trials Network.
Abnormal function of CD4+ helper/inducer T lymphocytes in a patient with widespread human papillomavirus type 3-related infection.
Induction of interleukin-6 during human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Antibody-dependent cellular cytotoxicity against HIV-coated target cells by peripheral blood monocytes from HIV seropositive asymptomatic patients.
Interferon as an agent against herpes simplex virus.
Long-term combined rIFN-alpha-2a and zidovudine therapy for HIV-associated Kaposi's sarcoma: clinical consequences and side effects.
Biologic effects of interferons.
Mucosal immunity induced by enhance-potency inactivated and oral polio vaccines.
Measles among the Amish: a comparative study of measles severity in primary and secondary cases in households.
Use of brain biopsy for diagnostic evaluation of patients with suspected herpes simplex encephalitis: a statistical model and its clinical implications. NIAID Collaborative Antiviral Study Group.
Characterization of herpes simplex virus type 2 latency-associated transcription in human sacral ganglia and in cell culture.
Exacerbation of bacterial toxicity to infant ferrets by influenza virus: possible role in sudden infant death syndrome [published erratum appears in J Infect Dis 1991 Jul;164(1):232]
Serologic discrimination of human T cell lymphotropic virus infection by using a synthetic peptide-based enzyme immunoassay.
The role of secretory immunity in hepatitis A virus infection.
Molecular pathologic study of human papillomavirus infection in inverted papilloma and squamous cell carcinoma of the nasal cavities and paranasal sinuses.
Headache and acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Bismuth subsalicylate in the treatment of acute diarrhea in children: a clinical study.
Risk of respiratory illness associated with day-care attendance: a nationwide study.
Pediatric emergency room visits: a risk factor for acquiring measles.
Malignant lymphomas in cynomolgus monkeys infected with simian immunodeficiency virus.
HIV-associated myocarditis. Pathology and immunopathology.
The relationship between viral RNA, myelin-specific mRNAs, and demyelination in central nervous system disease during Theiler's virus infection.
Glucocorticoid level and neuropsychiatric symptoms in homosexual men with HIV infection.
Human cytomegalovirus viraemia in HIV-1-seropositive patients at various clinical stages of infection.
Extrapulmonary and disseminated tuberculosis in HIV-1-seropositive patients presenting to the acute medical services in Nairobi.
Neuropsychometric performance of asymptomatic HIV-infected subjects.
Infection of cynomolgus monkeys with HIV-2 protects against pathogenic consequences of a subsequent simian immunodeficiency virus infection.
Enhancement of erythrocytic adenosine deaminase following treatment of AIDS-related complex/AIDS patients with zidovudine.
Poverty and HIV seropositivity: the poor are more likely to be infected.
Delayed detection of congenital hearing loss in high risk infants
Course of HIV-I infection in a cohort of homosexual and bisexual men: an 11 year follow up study.
The chest roentgenogram in pulmonary tuberculosis patients seropositive for human immunodeficiency virus type 1.
Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia. Rare cause of hemoptysis.
Latent HIV-1 infection in enriched populations of blood monocytes and T cells from seropositive patients.
Elevated serum concentrations of IgE antibodies to environmental antigens in HIV-seropositive male homosexuals.
Swine influenza virus infections. Transmission from ill pigs to humans at a Wisconsin agricultural fair and subsequent probable person-to-person transmission.
Evaluation of enzyme immunoassays for antibody to human T-lymphotropic viruses type I/II.
Unexplained rabies in three immigrants in the United States. A virologic investigation
Tropical spastic paraparesis-like illness occurring in a patient dually infected with HIV-1 and HTLV-II.
Human papillomaviruses: pediatric perspectives on a family of multifaceted tumorigenic pathogens
Herpes zoster ophthalmicus and iris cysts.
Childhood blindness in Peru.
Neuromuscular function in polio survivors at one-year follow-up [published erratum appears in Arch Phys Med Rehabil 1991 Mar;72(3):213]
Cat-scratch disease: an unusual cause of combative behavior.
Antibodies to HIV-1 nef(p27): prevalence, significance, and relationship to seroconversion.
Rapid diagnosis of herpes simplex encephalitis by nested polymerase chain reaction assay of cerebrospinal fluid.
Mycobacterial infection after renal transplantation--report of 14 cases and review of the literature.
Persistent rectal ulcer associated with human papillomavirus type 33 in a patient with AIDS: successful treatment with isotretinoin.
Inpatients with AIDS and AIDS-related complex: economic inpact on hospitals in North Carolina.
Perinatal transmission of human papillomavirus.
Antiviral drug therapy.
Hepatobiliary manifestations of the acquired immune deficiency syndrome.
Upper gastrointestinal bleeding in dengue fever.
Whipple's disease can mimic chronic AIDS enteropathy.
Therapy of persistent human papillomavirus disease with two different interferon species.
Human immunodeficiency virus-induced immunosuppression: a risk factor for human papillomavirus infection.
The influence of human immunodeficiency virus infection on tuberculosis in Kampala, Uganda.
Comparison of HIV detection by virus isolation in lymphocyte cultures and molecular amplification of HIV DNA and RNA by PCR in offspring of seropositive mothers.
Polypharmacy among patients attending an AIDS clinic: utilization of prescribed, unorthodox, and investigational treatments.
Survival differences in patients with AIDS [published erratum appears in J Acquir Immune Defic Syndr 1991;4(7):737]
Detection of salivary HIV-1-specific IgG antibodies in high-risk populations in Zaire.
Medical care of the HIV-infected child.
Pneumocystis carinii infections in HIV-infected children.
Lymphocytic interstitial pneumonia.
Pathology of childhood AIDS.
Upper respiratory tract infections in young children: duration of and frequency of complications.
Clinical manifestations of primary herpes simplex virus type 1 infection in a closed community.
Lack of transmission of the live attenuated varicella vaccine virus to immunocompromised children after immunization of their siblings.
Infection in utero: US findings in 19 cases.
Clinicopathologic studies of children who die of acute lower respiratory tract infections: mechanisms of death.
Etiologic, clinical, and pathologic analysis of 31 fatal cases of acute respiratory tract infection in Argentinian children under 5 years of age.
Etiologic and clinical evaluation of acute lower respiratory tract infections in young Argentinian children: an overview.
Acute lower respiratory tract infections in hospitalized patients with diarrhea in Dhaka, Bangladesh.
Diagnoses of acute lower respiratory tract infections in children in Rawalpindi and Islamabad, Pakistan.
Etiology of acute lower respiratory tract infection in children from Alabang, Metro Manila.
Acute respiratory tract infections among a birth cohort of children from Cali, Colombia, who were studied through 17 months of age.
Isolation and identification of viral agents in Argentinian children with acute lower respiratory tract infection.
Acute lower respiratory tract infection due to virus among hospitalized children in Dhaka, Bangladesh.
A hospital-based study of acute viral infections of the respiratory tract in Thai children, with emphasis on laboratory diagnosis.
Vaccination for disease.
The effect of anti-neoplastic drugs on murine acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
HTLV-I associated myelopathy (HAM) after blood transfusion in a patient with CD2+ hairy cell leukemia.
Occurrence of multiple types of human papillomavirus in genital tract lesions. Analysis by in situ hybridization and the polymerase chain reaction.
Olfactory identification deficits in HIV infection.
Roseola infantum and other syndromes associated with acute HHV6 infection.
Amebic meningoencephalitis in a patient with AIDS caused by a newly recognized opportunistic pathogen. Leptomyxid ameba.
Seborrheic dermatitis and HIV infection. Qualitative analysis of skin surface lipids in men seropositive and seronegative for HIV.
The evolution of lymphadenopathy and hypergammaglobulinemia are evidence for early and sustained polyclonal B lymphocyte activation during human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Human T lymphotropic virus type II (HTLV-II) infection in a cohort of New York intravenous drug users: an old infection?
Protection against zosteriform spread of herpes simplex virus by monoclonal antibodies.
Epidemiologic patterns of wild-type hepatitis A virus determined by genetic variation.
Genome analysis of adenovirus type 31 strains from immunocompromised and immunocompetent patients.
Comparison of heterotypic protection against influenza A/Taiwan/86 (H1N1) by attenuated and inactivated vaccines to A/Chile/83-like viruses.
Recovery of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 from semen: minimal impact of stage of infection and current antiviral chemotherapy.
Antiidiotypic responses to immunization with anti-Leu 3a in human immunodeficiency virus-seropositive individuals.
Comparative virologic studies of condylomata acuminata reveal a lack of dual infections with human papillomaviruses.
Encephalitogenicity for rats of myelin basic protein without the aid of water-in-oil emulsions.
Dietary intake in patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS), patients with AIDS-related complex, and serologically positive human immunodeficiency virus patients: correlations with nutritional status.
Children born to women with HIV-1 infection: natural history and risk of transmission. European Collaborative Study.
A controlled trial comparing vidarabine with acyclovir in neonatal herpes simplex virus infection. Infectious Diseases Collaborative Antiviral Study Group.
Predictors of morbidity and mortality in neonates with herpes simplex virus infections. The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases Collaborative Antiviral Study Group.
Syncytial giant-cell hepatitis. Sporadic hepatitis with distinctive pathological features, a severe clinical course, and paramyxoviral features.
Progression of human papillomavirus type 18-immortalized human keratinocytes to a malignant phenotype.
Efficacy of induction therapy in cadaveric renal transplantation comparing rabbit antithymocyte serum and Minnesota antilymphoblast globulin.
Depression, distress, lymphocyte subsets, and human immunodeficiency virus symptoms on two occasions in HIV-positive homosexual men.
Multidisciplinary baseline assessment of homosexual men with and without human immunodeficiency virus infection. I. Overview of study design.
Multidisciplinary baseline assessment of homosexual men with and without human immunodeficiency virus infection. II. Standardized clinical assessment of current and lifetime psychopathology.
Multidisciplinary baseline assessment of homosexual men with and without human immunodeficiency virus infection. III. Neurologic and neuropsychological findings.
A preliminary report on the neuropsychologic sequelae of human immunodeficiency virus.
Effectiveness of psychoeducational interventions in reducing emotional distress after human immunodeficiency virus antibody testing.
Pathogenesis of corneal oedema associated with herpetic eye disease.
Infectious mononucleosis presenting as bilateral acute dacryocystitis.
Utility of bronchoscopic sampling techniques for cryptococcal disease in AIDS.
The acute aseptic meningitis syndrome.
Should family physicians test for human papillomavirus infection? An opposing view.
Infectious mononucleosis, Epstein-Barr virus, and chronic fatigue syndrome: a prospective case series
Vulvar intraepithelial neoplasia. A clinicopathologic study of 60 cases.
Improved detection of rotavirus shedding by polymerase chain reaction.
Spontaneous lymphocyte proliferation in HTLV-II infection.
Epidemiology of acute respiratory infections in young children from Thailand.
Viral pneumonia in the first month of life.
Sexually transmitted viral disease in women.
Voluntary human immunodeficiency virus testing: acceptance levels and identification of seropositive individuals.
Bronchial hyperresponsiveness in normal subjects during attenuated influenza virus infection.
Aggressive cavitary pulmonary sarcoidosis.
Fine-needle aspiration evaluation of lymphoproliferative lesions in human immunodeficiency virus-positive patients. A multiparameter approach.
Induction of CD4+, human T lymphotropic virus type-1-specific cytotoxic T lymphocytes from patients with HAM/TSP. Recognition of an immunogenic region of the gp46 envelope glycoprotein of human T lymphotropic virus type-1.
Acquired immune dysfunction in cats with experimentally induced feline immunodeficiency virus infection: comparison of short-term and long-term infections.
Marked elevations of serum alkaline phosphatase in patients with AIDS.
Zidovudine use in AIDS-free HIV-1-seropositive homosexual men in the Multicenter AIDS Cohort Study (MACS), 1987-1989.
Abnormal single motor unit behavior in the upper motor neuron syndrome.
HTLV-I-associated myelopathy associated with blood transfusion in the United States: epidemiologic and molecular evidence linking donor and recipient.
The role of HTLV in HIV-1 neurologic disease.
Signs of cognitive change in HIV disease: an event-related brain potential study.
Syphilitic meningomyelitis.
Peptide-induced antiviral protection by cytotoxic T cells.
A "Pap" test for men? Male urethral smears as screening tool for detecting subclinical human papillomavirus infection.
The increased frequency of cervical dysplasia-neoplasia in women infected with the human immunodeficiency virus is related to the degree of immunosuppression.
Detection of Coxsackievirus B3 RNA in myocardial tissues by the polymerase chain reaction.
AIDS enteropathy: occult enteric infections and duodenal mucosal alterations in chronic diarrhea
Influence of inhaled cadmium on the immune response to influenza virus.
AIDS incubation in 1891 HIV seroconverters from different exposure groups. International Registry of Seroconverters [published erratum appears in AIDS 1991 Feb;5(2):245]
Trends in survival of Danish AIDS patients from 1981 to 1989.
Early and specific diagnosis of seropositivity to HIVs by an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay using env-derived synthetic peptides.
T-cell subsets and serum immunoglobulin levels in infants born to HIV-seropositive mothers: a longitudinal evaluation.
Low-dose dapsone prophylaxis of Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia in AIDS and AIDS-related complex.
Cowpox/catpox infection.
Epidermodysplasia verruciformis-associated papillomavirus infection complicating human immunodeficiency virus disease.
L-glutamine stimulates jejunal sodium and chloride absorption in pig rotavirus enteritis.
Six epitopes reacting with human cytotoxic CD8+ T cells in the central region of the HIV-1 NEF protein.
Community-acquired influenza C virus infection in children.
Search for herpes simplex virus 2 and human papillomavirus genetic expression in vulvar neoplasia.
Studies on the transmission of viral disease via the CO2 laser plume and ejecta.
Human papillomavirus in women with vulvar intraepithelial neoplasia III.
Interferon for vulvar vestibulitis.
A measles outbreak at a college with a prematriculation immunization requirement.
Safety and prophylactic efficacy of low-dose rimantadine in adults during an influenza A epidemic.
Alpha interferon (2b) in combination with zidovudine for the treatment of presymptomatic feline leukemia virus-induced immunodeficiency syndrome.
Recurrent wheezy bronchitis and viral respiratory infections
Herpes simplex keratitis in renal transplant patients.
Preparation and characterization of an intravenous solution of IgG from human immunodeficiency virus-seropositive donors.
Antibody to Coxsackie B virus in diagnosing postviral fatigue syndrome
Treatment of end-stage chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with double lung transplantation.
Use of indium 111-labeled white blood cell scan in the diagnosis of cytomegalovirus pneumonia in a renal transplant recipient with a normal chest roentgenogram.
Esophageal candidiasis in AIDS. Successful therapy with clotrimazole vaginal tablets taken by mouth.
Incidence of hairy cell leukemia, mycosis fungoides, and chronic lymphocytic leukemia in first known HTLV-II-endemic population.
Cytomegalovirus infection in sexually active adolescents.
Pattern of respiratory syncytial virus epidemics in Finland: two-year cycles with alternating prevalence of groups A and B.
Vaccination of cotton rats with a chimeric FG glycoprotein of human respiratory syncytial virus induces minimal pulmonary pathology on challenge.
A field study of the safety and efficacy of two candidate rotavirus vaccines in a Native American population.
Measles-associated diarrhea in hospitalized children in Lima, Peru: pathogenic agents and impact on growth.
Granulocyte colony-stimulating factor enhances the phagocytic and bactericidal activity of normal and defective human neutrophils.
Recombinant murine granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor augments neutrophil recovery and enhances resistance to infections in myelosuppressed mice.
Changes in plasma high density lipoprotein cholesterol and phospholipid in acute viral hepatitis and cholestatic jaundice.
A spreadsheet for AIDS: estimating heterosexual injection drug user population size from AIDS statistics in San Francisco.
Prevalence of antibody to HIV-1 among entrants to US correctional facilities
Recurrent peritonitis: evidence for possible viral etiology.
Immune function and anti-HTLV-I/II status in anti-HIV-1-negative intravenous drug users receiving methadone.
The effect of chloroquine prophylaxis on yellow fever vaccine antibody response: comparison of plaque reduction neutralization test and enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay.
The role of a critical care unit in an epidemic.
HIV prevalence in a midwestern emergency department.
Elevated alpha-tumor necrosis factor levels in spinal fluid from HIV-1-infected patients with central nervous system involvement.
Apparent response of subacute sclerosing panencephalitis to intrathecal interferon alpha.
Herpes simplex and human papillomavirus genital infections: controversy over obstetric management.
Serum non-organ specific autoantibodies in human immunodeficiency virus 1 infection.
HIV associated arthropathy: HIV antigen demonstration in the synovial membrane.
Fibromyalgia in human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Cerebrospinal fluid flow dynamics in children with external ventricular drains.
Radiographic manifestations of anomalies of the brain.
Changing disease patterns in patients with AIDS in a referral centre in the United Kingdom: the changing face of AIDS
Nosocomial outbreak of cryptosporidiosis in AIDS patients.
Identification of herpes simplex virus DNA in lesions of erythema multiforme by the polymerase chain reaction.
Symptomatic polyneuropathy in human immunodeficiency virus antibody seropositive men with and without immune deficiency: a comparative electrophysiological study.
Paraneoplastic limbic encephalitis: clinico-pathological correlations.
Differences in access to zidovudine (AZT) among symptomatic HIV-infected persons.
A hospital-based prospective study of perinatal infection with human immunodeficiency virus type 1.
Ditiocarb sodium (diethyldithiocarbamate) therapy in patients with symptomatic HIV infection and AIDS. A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicenter study.
Depletion of muscle mitochondrial DNA in AIDS patients with zidovudine-induced myopathy.
Risks and benefits of paracetamol antipyresis in young children with fever of presumed viral origin
Cutaneous hypersensitivity reactions due to thiacetazone in HIV-1 seropositive patients treated for tuberculosis
A mouse model for investigating the molecular pathogenesis of adenovirus pneumonia.
Focal hepatic tuberculosis in a patient with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Counseling patients seropositive for human immunodeficiency virus. An approach for medical practice.
Susceptibility to Coxsackievirus B3-induced chronic myocarditis maps near the murine Tcr alpha and Myhc alpha loci on chromosome 14.
A retrospective cohort study of the risk of tuberculosis among women of childbearing age with HIV infection in Zaire.
Infections in HIV-infected travelers: risks and prevention.
Evaluation of the anti-influenza virus activities of 1,3,4-thiadiazol-2-ylcyanamide (LY217896) and its sodium salt.
Safety and pharmacokinetics of rimantadine small-particle aerosol.
Handwashing and cohorting in prevention of hospital acquired infections with respiratory syncytial virus.
Characteristics of patients with syphilis attending Baltimore STD clinics. Multiple high-risk subgroups and interactions with human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Human immunodeficiency virus infection and indeterminate western blot patterns. Prospective studies in a low prevalence population.
The pathology of heart allograft rejection.
Quantitative neurologic and neurobehavioral testing of persons infected with human immunodeficiency virus type 1.
Clinical analyses and short-term prognoses of neonates with subependymal cysts.
Brain perfusion in acute encephalitis: relationship to prognosis studied using SPECT.
Possible etiologic heterogeneity of vulvar intraepithelial neoplasia. A correlation of pathologic characteristics with human papillomavirus detection by in situ hybridization and polymerase chain reaction.
Human immunodeficiency virus-associated Hodgkin's disease. Clinicopathologic studies of 24 cases and preponderance of mixed cellularity type characterized by the occurrence of fibrohistiocytoid stromal cells.
Detection of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 in semen from seropositive men using culture and polymerase chain reaction deoxyribonucleic acid amplification techniques.
Adenovirus colitis in the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Clinical and laboratory correlates of Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia in children infected with HIV.
Trends of HIV seroconversion among young adults in the US Army, 1985 to 1989. US Army Retrovirus Research Group.
Routine prenatal screening for HIV infection
Routine human immunodeficiency virus infection screening in unregistered and registered inner-city parturients.
Oral manifestations of HIV infection and their management. I. More common lesions.
Oral manifestations of HIV infection and their management. II. Less common lesions.
Absence of interferon in sera of patients with Kawasaki syndrome.
Etiology of acute lower respiratory tract infections in Gambian children: I. Acute lower respiratory tract infections in infants presenting at the hospital.
Etiology of acute lower respiratory tract infections in Gambian children: II. Acute lower respiratory tract infection in children ages one to nine years presenting at the hospital.
No evidence of frequent human immunodeficiency virus type 1 infection in seronegative at-risk individuals.
Randomized study to evaluate efficacy and safety of ofloxacin vs. trimethoprim and sulfamethoxazole in treatment of uncomplicated urinary tract infection.
Ventriculitis in newborns with myelomeningocele.
Herpes zoster in patients with rheumatoid arthritis treated with weekly, low-dose methotrexate.
Risk of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia in women with glomerulonephritis.
Haematuria frequency syndrome in patients with positive HIV serology: observations in Zambia.
Hodgkin's disease in association with human immunodeficiency virus infection. Pathologic and immunologic features.
Changes in lung mechanics and reactivity with age after viral bronchiolitis in beagle puppies.
Surgical treatment of the flail knee after poliomyelitis.
Flexion osteotomy of the femur for genu recurvatum after poliomyelitis.
Passive transfer of local immunity to influenza virus infection by IgA antibody.
Expression of the Blast-1 activation/adhesion molecule and its identification as CD48.
Detection of cytotoxic T lymphocytes specific for synthetic peptides of gp160 in HIV-seropositive individuals.
Class II-restricted T cell responses in Theiler's murine encephalomyelitis virus-induced demyelinating disease. IV. Identification of an immunodominant T cell determinant on the N-terminal end of the VP2 capsid protein in susceptible SJL/J mice.
Assessing HIV infection in primary care practice.
The diagnosis of drug dependence by primary care providers.
Controversies in the management of HIV-related illnesses.
Approaches to the treatment of cytomegalovirus retinitis: ganciclovir and foscarnet.
Concomitant ganciclovir and zidovudine treatment for cytomegalovirus retinitis in patients with HIV infection: an approach to treatment.
Combined ganciclovir and recombinant human granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor in the treatment of cytomegalovirus retinitis in AIDS patients.
Diagnosis and treatment of cytomegalovirus retinitis.
Computed tomographic density of metastatic lymph nodes as a treatment-related prognostic factor in advanced head and neck cancer.
The effect of diaper type and overclothing on fecal contamination in day-care centers [published erratum appears in JAMA 1991 Jun 5;265(21):2810]
HTLV-I-associated myelopathy in a Californian: diagnosis by reactivity to a viral recombinant antigen.
Recurrent herpetic keratitis: failure to detect herpes simplex virus infection using the Syva MicroTrak HSV1/HSV2 direct specimen identification/typing test.
Linear areas of echogenicity in the thalami and basal ganglia of neonates: an expanded association. Work in progress.
Human papillomavirus type 1-associated squamous cell carcinoma in a heart transplant recipient.
The complete nucleotide sequence of a pathogenic molecular clone of simian immunodeficiency virus.
Vaccine protection of rhesus macaques against simian immunodeficiency virus infection.
Rapid and quantitative detection of enzymatically amplified HIV-1 DNA using chemiluminescent oligonucleotide probes.
Feline immunodeficiency virus (FIV) infection in the cat as a model for HIV infection in man: FIV-induced impairment of immune function.
Anorectal surgery in the HIV+ patient: update.
Squamous cell carcinoma of the anus and HIV infection.
Kaposi's sarcoma of the colon in a young HIV-negative woman with Crohn's disease.
Pruritic papular eruption of the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome: a clinicopathologic study.
Bowenoid papulosis.
Etiology and mechanisms of acute infectious diarrhea in infants in the United States.
A rapid method for quantitating the frequency of peripheral blood cells containing HIV-1 DNA.
A capture enzyme immunoassay for detection of HIV-2/SIV antigen.
Reciprocal activation of human T-lymphotropic viruses in HTLV-I-transformed cells superinfected with HIV-1.
Characterization of long-term survivors of acquired immunodeficiency syndrome. The Long-term Survivor Collaborative Study Group.
Human immunodeficiency virus type-1 infection of homosexual men is accompanied by a decrease in circulating B cells.
A controlled study of inhaled pentamidine for primary prevention of Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia.
Rhegmatogenous retinal detachments in patients with AIDS and necrotizing retinal infections.
Foscarnet sodium.
Genital human papillomavirus infection
Cumulative AIDS incidence and altered mortality from mycobacterial disease: New Jersey.
Rehabilitation of three patients after treatment for herpes encephalitis.
Treatment with acyclovir of varicella pneumonia in pregnancy.
Variation in sperm penetration assay related to viral illness.
Persistent airway hyperresponsiveness after neonatal viral bronchiolitis in rats.
Multicenter study of strains of respiratory syncytial virus.
Immunity to and frequency of reinfection with respiratory syncytial virus.
Induction of encephalitis in SJL mice by intranasal infection with herpes simplex virus type 1: a possible model of herpes simplex encephalitis in humans.
The natural history of ultraviolet radiation-induced herpes simplex labialis and response to therapy with peroral and topical formulations of acyclovir.
Safety and immunogenicity of a live attenuated hepatitis A virus vaccine in seronegative volunteers.
Varicella in hairless guinea pigs.
Antigenic and genomic diversity within group A respiratory syncytial virus.
Detection and quantification of human immunodeficiency virus RNA in patient serum by use of the polymerase chain reaction.
Hepatic involvement in patients with human immunodeficiency virus infection: discrepancies between AIDS patients and those with earlier stages of infection.
Varicella-zoster virus-specific immunity after herpes zoster.
Evidence of serum-protein leakage across the blood-brain barrier in the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Subclinical vulvar papillomavirus infection.
Human papillomavirus screening for women with atypical Papanicolaou smears.
Neuro-ophthalmic manifestations of human immunodeficiency virus infection.
'Locked-in syndrome' for 27 years following a viral illness: clinical and pathologic findings.
Late effects of paralytic poliomyelitis in Olmsted County, Minnesota.
Postencephalitic acquired Tourette-like syndrome in a child.
Interleukin-6 in cerebrospinal fluid of HTLV-I-associated myelopathy.
Visual loss with dancing extremities and mental disturbances.
Diphenylhydantoin-induced hypogammaglobulinemia in a patient infected with human immunodeficiency virus.
Simian immunodeficiency virus infection of macaque bone marrow macrophages correlates with disease progression in vivo.
Human T-lymphotropic virus type I infection in the Solomon Islands.
Acyclovir in herpetic anterior uveitis.
Increased HTLV-I proviral DNA in HTLV-I-associated myelopathy: a quantitative polymerase chain reaction study.
Respiratory syncytial virus infections on an adult medical ward.
Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia in patients with primary brain tumors.
Establishment and characterization of a new cell line TC-YIK originating from argyrophil small cell carcinoma of the uterine cervix integrating HPV16 DNA.
C-reactive protein levels during disease exacerbations and infections in systemic lupus erythematosus: a prospective longitudinal study.
Decreased measles antibody response after measles-mumps-rubella vaccine in infants with colds
Non-Hodgkin's lymphoma in patients with advanced HIV infection treated with zidovudine.
Circulating Epstein-Barr virus-carrying B cells in acute malaria.
Clinical significance of small-intestinal microsporidiosis in HIV-1-infected individuals
Neonatal herpes simplex virus infection in relation to asymptomatic maternal infection at the time of labor.
From Papanicolaou to Bethesda: the rationale for a new cervical cytologic classification.
Production of site-selected neutralizing human monoclonal antibodies against the third variable domain of the human immunodeficiency virus type 1 envelope glycoprotein.
Observations after human immunodeficiency virus immunization and challenge of human immunodeficiency virus seropositive and seronegative chimpanzees.
Effects of prednisone on human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Detection of human papillomavirus DNA on routine Papanicolaou's smears by in situ hybridization with the use of biotinylated probes.
Detection of human T-cell leukemia virus type I proviral sequences from fixed tissues of seropositive patients.
Identification of human papillomavirus DNA sequences in peripheral blood mononuclear cells.
Fetal death associated with measles virus infection of the placenta.
Cervical papillomavirus infection and cervical dysplasia in Hispanic, Native American, and non-Hispanic white women in New Mexico.
The donation and sale of blood by intravenous drug users.
Comparison of newborn screening records and birth certificates to estimate bias in newborn HIV serosurveys.
HIV infection among women entering the New York State correctional system.
Hospitalization of HIV-seropositive newborns with AIDS-related disease within the first year of life.
Immunoenhancing properties and antiviral activity of 7-deazaguanosine in mice.
Epitopes of the HIV-1-negative factor (nef) reactive with murine monoclonal antibodies and human HIV-1-positive sera.
Detection of Epstein-Barr virus messenger RNA in Reed-Sternberg cells of Hodgkin's disease by in situ hybridization with biotinylated probes on specially processed modified acetone methyl benzoate xylene (ModAMeX) sections.
Expression of human HLA-B27 transgene alters susceptibility to murine Theiler's virus-induced demyelination.
Granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor mitigates the neutropenia of combined interferon alfa and zidovudine treatment of acquired immune deficiency syndrome-associated Kaposi's sarcoma.
HTLV-I/II seroprevalence and HIV/HTLV coinfection among U.S. intravenous drug users.
Hospital use by HIV patients in Italy: a retrospective longitudinal study. National Study Group on HIV-Related Hospital Use.
Antiviral effects of 3'-fluorothymidine and 3'-azidothymidine in cynomolgus monkeys infected with simian immunodeficiency virus.
Office-based testing for antibody to human immunodeficiency virus in urology patients.
Rapidly progressive acute retinal necrosis secondary to herpes simplex virus, type 1.
Role of antibody-dependent cellular cytotoxicity in defense against herpes simplex virus infections.
Manifestations of pulmonary cryptococcosis in patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Rhodococcus equi infection in the patient with AIDS: literature review and report of an unusual case.
A virus-encoded "superantigen" in a retrovirus-induced immunodeficiency syndrome of mice.
Implications of self-reported cognitive and motor dysfunction in HIV-positive patients.
Fungal sinusitis in immunocompromised children with neoplasms.
Effect of 1-beta-D-arabinofuranosyl-E-5-(2-bromovinyl)uracil against herpes simplex virus type 1 infection in immunosuppressed mice.
The safety and pharmacokinetics of GLQ223 in subjects with AIDS and AIDS-related complex: a phase I study
Diminution of inducible lymphokine-activated killer cell activity in individuals with AIDS-related disorders.
Lymphocyte population changes in cats naturally infected with feline immunodeficiency virus.
Induction of feline immunodeficiency syndrome by feline leukemia virus: pituitary and adrenocortical dysfunctions.
Isolation of HIV-1 from seropositive people living in Cotonou, Benin.

