x vivo lung model
Animal models of chronic inflammatory arthritis.
Studies on the contact sensitizing activity of dithranol (anthralin) and 10-butyryl dithranol (butantrone).
Low allergenicity of clonidine impedes studies of sensitization mechanisms in guinea pig models.
Role of prostaglandin E1 in reducing pulmonary vascular resistance in an experimental model of acute lung injury.
Peripheral venous monitoring with acute blood volume alteration: cuff-occluded rate of rise of peripheral venous pressure.
Kinin/prostaglandin system: its therapeutic value in surgical stress.
Effect of cyclosporin on generalized Shwartzman reaction in diabetic rats.
A small animal model of human Helicobacter pylori active chronic gastritis.
A comparison in vitro of human and rabbit distal colonic muscle responses to inflammatory mediators.
Prevention of necrotizing enterocolitis in the rat with prenatal cortisone.
In vivo assessment of shock-wave pressures. Implication for biliary lithotripsy.
Synergism between hepatic injuries and a nonhepatotropic reovirus in mice. Enhanced hepatic infection and death.
Heart rate variability before and after myocardial infarction in conscious dogs at high and low risk of sudden death.
Animal models of osteomyelitis. Knowledge, hypothesis, and speculation.
Hyperbaric oxygen as adjunctive therapy for osteomyelitis.
An animal model for human masseter muscle: histochemical characterization of mouse, rat, rabbit, cat, dog, pig, and cow masseter muscle.
Immunologic and pathologic manifestations of the infection of rhesus monkeys with simian immunodeficiency virus of macaques.
Gentamicin iontophoresis in the treatment of bacterial otitis externa in the guinea pig model.
Protection from chemotherapy-induced alopecia in a rat model.
Experimental isobaric subarachnoid hemorrhage: regional mitochondrial function during the acute and late phase.
Effect of diltiazem and thromboxane A2 synthetase inhibitor (OKY-046) on vessels following experimental subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Evidence for platelet-activating factor as a novel mediator in experimental stroke in rabbits.
Lyme borreliosis in the severe combined immunodeficiency (scid) mouse manifests predominantly in the joints, heart, and liver.
Viral bronchiolitis during early life induces increased numbers of bronchiolar mast cells and airway hyperresponsiveness.
Intraluminal fibrosis induced unilaterally by lobar instillation of CdCl2 into the rat lung.
Endemic Cryptosporidium and Giardia lamblia infections in a Thai orphanage.
A comparison of host responses of the Mongolian jird to infections of Brugia malayi and B. pahangi.
Isolation of Tete serogroup bunyaviruses from Ceratopogonidae collected in Colorado.
Effects of a 2.15-micron laser on human atherosclerotic xenografts in vivo.
In vitro cultivation of Cryptosporidium parvum and screening for anticryptosporidial drugs.
SCH-39304 in prevention and treatment of disseminated candidiasis in persistently granulocytopenic rabbits.
Systemic amiloride inhibits experimentally induced neovascularization.
Imbalance between the mechanisms of activation and inhibition of metalloproteases in the early lesions of experimental osteoarthritis.
Bretylium tosylate versus lidocaine in experimental cardiac arrest
Calcium, parathyroid hormone, and vitamin D in the "prehypertensive" Dahl salt-sensitive rat.
Critical volume for pulmonary acid aspiration: reappraisal in a primate model.
Effect of bladder outflow obstruction on the innervation of the rabbit urinary bladder.
Risk of occupational exposure to Herpesvirus simiae (B virus) in Quebec.
Experimental models of temporal lobe epilepsy: new insights from the study of kindling and synaptic reorganization.
Marked improvement of glucose homeostasis in diabetic ob/ob mice given oral vanadate.
Inhibition of hepatic glucose production by SDZ 51641.
Inducement by fat feeding of basal hyperglycemia in rats with abnormal beta-cell function. Model for study of etiology and pathogenesis of NIDDM.
Use of immunoelectron microscopy to show Ebola virus during the 1989 United States epizootic.
Targeting gene expression to the epidermis of transgenic mice: potential applications to genetic skin disorders.
Inherited mouse mutations as models of human adnexal, cornification, and papulosquamous dermatoses.
Properties of strains of Escherichia coli O26:H11 in relation to their enteropathogenic or enterohemorrhagic classification.
Pichinde virus infection in strain 13 guniea pigs reduces intestinal protein reflection coefficient with compensation.
Treatment evaluation of experimental staphylococcal infections: comparison of beta-lactam, lipopeptide, and glycopeptide antimicrobial therapy.
Exacerbation of acute platelet thrombus formation in stenosed dog coronary arteries with smoke from a non-tobacco-burning cigarette.
Effect of endotoxin and a burn injury on lung and liver lipid peroxidation and catalase activity.
A rat femoral artery model for vasospasm.
Ischemic brain damage in a model of acute subdural hematoma.
Spinal cord thromboplastin-induced coagulopathy in a rabbit model.
Effect of dosage and timing of administration of naloxone on outcome in the rat ventral compression model of spinal cord injury.
An epidemic outbreak of cryptosporidiosis: a prospective community study from Guinea Bissau.
Case-control study of Cryptosporidium parvum infection in Peruvian children hospitalized for diarrhea: possible association with malnutrition and nosocomial infection.
Increased activity of calcium leak channels in myotubes of Duchenne human and mdx mouse origin.
A mouse model of the aniridia-Wilms tumor deletion syndrome.
Adoptive immunotherapy of human pancreatic cancer with lymphokine-activated killer cells and interleukin-2 in a nude mouse model.
Moderate hypothermia after cardiac arrest of 17 minutes in dogs. Effect on cerebral and cardiac outcome.
Focal ischemic damage is reduced by CPP-ene studies in two animal models.
Comparison of phenytoin with noncompetitive N-methyl-D-aspartate antagonists in a model of focal brain ischemia in rat.
Chronic ethanol feeding and acute ethanol exposure in vitro: effect on intestinal transport of biotin.
A simplified technique for the production of heart failure in the dog by rapid ventricular pacing.
Development of multiple necrotizing enteritis induced by a tumor necrosis factor-like cytokine from lipopolysaccharide-stimulated peritoneal macrophages in rats.
Hemodynamic determinants of subdiaphragmatic venous return during closed-chest CPR in a canine cardiac arrest model.
Manual translaryngeal jet ventilation and the risk of aspiration in a canine model.
Pathophysiological insights into the cardiomyopathy of Chagas' disease.
Restenosis after balloon angioplasty. A practical proliferative model in porcine coronary arteries.
L-tryptophan implicated in human eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome causes fasciitis and perimyositis in the Lewis rat.
The HIV cytopathic effect: potential target for therapy?
One hundred percent oxygen reverses muscle hypoxia in a rat hindlimb model of acute arterial occlusion.
Experimental retinal branch vein occlusion in miniature pigs induces local tissue hypoxia and vasoproliferative microangiopathy.
Scatter photocoagulation restores tissue hypoxia in experimental vasoproliferative microangiopathy in miniature pigs.
A borna virus cDNA encoding a protein recognized by antibodies in humans with behavioral diseases.
Magnetic resonance imaging of experimental rat brain tumors: histopathological evaluation.
Regional ischemia in cerebral venous hypertension due to embolic occlusion of the superior sagittal sinus in the rat.
Venous hemodynamics in a chronic venous valvular insufficiency model.
The natural history of intimal flaps in a canine model.
Tissue changes around loose prostheses. A canine model to investigate the effects of an antiinflammatory agent.
Platelet-activating factor: evidence against a role in hypoxic pulmonary vasoconstriction.
Continuous, in vivo pulmonary venous admixture from fiberoptically measured hemoglobin saturations.
Nephropathy in model combining genetic hypertension with experimental diabetes. Enalapril versus hydralazine and metoprolol therapy.
Experimental cardiac tamponade: correlation of pressure, flow velocity, and echocardiographic changes.
Cytomegalovirus infection promotes bacterial translocation in thermally injured mice.
Glutathione S-transferase. Novel vaccine against Fasciola hepatica infection in sheep.
Laparoscopic tubal sterilization. The potential for thermal bowel injury.
Evaluation of metastatic cardiac calcification in a model of chronic primary hyperparathyroidism.
Effects of exercise on myocardial catecholamine content and ischemic injury in dogs with gradual coronary occlusion.
Immunobiological studies on the alopecic (DEBR) rat.
Metabolic regulation of renal gluconeogenesis in response to sepsis in the rat.
Receptor changes in the spinal cord of sheep associated with exposure to chronic pain.
Evidence against a requisite role for defective virus in the establishment of persistent hepadnavirus infections.
Overestimation of myocardial infarct size by histologic measurement in a model of occlusion followed by reperfusion.
Modulation of fluid absorption and the secretory response of rat jejunum to cholera toxin by dietary fat.
The effect of chronic renal insufficiency on cyclosporine nephrotoxicity.
A multivariate approach to the treatment of peripheral nerve transection injury: the role of electromagnetic field therapy.
Collagen of the dystrophic hamster diaphragm.
Placental thromboxane and prostacyclin production in an ovine diabetic model.
A rabbit model for bacteria-induced preterm pregnancy loss.
Intestinal flora of patients with rheumatoid arthritis: induction of chronic arthritis in rats by cell wall fragments from isolated Eubacterium aerofaciens strains.
Immunologic evidence for the in situ deposition of a cytoplasmic streptococcal antigen (endostreptosin) on the glomerular basement membrane in rats.
Aberrant expression of cytokine genes in peritoneal macrophages from mice infected with LP-BM5 MuLV, a murine model of AIDS.
Cellular and metabolic requirements for induction of macrophage procoagulant activity by murine hepatitis virus strain 3 in vitro.
Pneumococcal pneumonia in a rat model of cirrhosis: effects of cirrhosis on pulmonary defense mechanisms against Streptococcus pneumoniae.
Sensitive and specific detection of toxoplasma DNA in an experimental murine model: use of Toxoplasma gondii-specific cDNA and the polymerase chain reaction.
Divergent efficacy of antibody to tumor necrosis factor-alpha in intravascular and peritonitis models of sepsis.
Tumor-associated neurological dysfunction prevented by lazaroids in rats.
Localization of dystrophin to postsynaptic regions of central nervous system cortical neurons.
Can insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus be cured or prevented? A status report on immunomodulatory strategies and pancreas transplantation.
Efficacy of nimodipine in cerebral ischemia or hemorrhage.
Effects of the novel thromboxane antagonist Bay U 3405 on experimental coronary artery disease.
Relevance of focal cerebral ischemia models. Experience with fibrinolytic agents.
A rodent model of cirrhosis, ascites, and bacterial peritonitis.
Swine influenza virus infections. Transmission from ill pigs to humans at a Wisconsin agricultural fair and subsequent probable person-to-person transmission.
Coronoid process elongation in rhesus monkeys (Macaca mulatta) after experimentally induced mandibular hypomobility. A cephalometric and histologic study.
Structural alterations of nerve during cuff compression.
Studies evaluating antioxidants and beta-carotene as chemopreventives.
Interleukin-1 beta (IL-1 beta) induces thrombocytosis in mice: possible implication of IL-6.
Studies of myocardial protection in the immature heart. III. Models of ischemic and hypoxic/ischemic injury in the immature puppy heart.
Studies of myocardial protection in the immature heart. IV. Improved tolerance of immature myocardium to hypoxia and ischemia by intravenous metabolic support.
Antifungal and surgical treatment of invasive aspergillosis: review of 2,121 published cases [published erratum appears in Rev Infect Dis 1991 Mar-Apr;13(2):345]
Whipple's disease can mimic chronic AIDS enteropathy.
Wasting and macrophage production of tumor necrosis factor/cachectin and interleukin 1 in experimental visceral leishmaniasis.
Alterations in collateral blood flow produced by isoflurane in a chronically instrumented canine model of multivessel coronary artery disease.
Survival after hypertonic saline resuscitation from hemorrhage.
Parapoxvirus infections acquired after exposure to wildlife.
Immunomodulation with pentoxifylline abrogates macrophage-mediated infertility in an in vivo model: a paradigm for a novel approach to the treatment of endometriosis-associated subfertility.
Salt and hypertension--future directions.
Salt and hypertension. Lessons from animal models that relate to human hypertension.
Parental MHC molecule haplotype expression in (SJL/J x SWR)F1 mice with acute experimental allergic encephalomyelitis induced with two different synthetic peptides of myelin proteolipid protein.
Clonotypic analysis of anti-acetylcholine receptor antibodies from experimental autoimmune myasthenia gravis-sensitive Lewis rats and experimental autoimmune myasthenia gravis-resistant Wistar Furth rats.
Dystrophin is required for normal thin filament-membrane associations at myotendinous junctions.
Exudative retinal detachment after photodynamic injury.
Platelet-activating factor mediates glycerol-induced acute renal failure in rats.
Mucosal peptide hydrolase and brush-border marker enzyme activities in three regions of the small intestine of rats with experimental uraemia.
Role of influenza B virus in hepatic steatosis and mitochondrial abnormalities in a mouse model of Reye syndrome.
Protection against zosteriform spread of herpes simplex virus by monoclonal antibodies.
Host genetic influences on fetal susceptibility to murine cytomegalovirus after maternal or fetal infection.
Antipneumococcal activity of ciprofloxacin, ofloxacin, and temafloxacin in an experimental mouse pneumonia model at various stages of the disease.
Modulation of Bordetella pertussis infection with monoclonal antibodies to pertussis toxin.
Spontaneous neurodegeneration in transgenic mice with mutant prion protein
Human immunodeficiency virus infection of human-PBL-SCID mice.
Coronary sinus occlusion: effect on ischemic left ventricular dysfunction and reactive hyperemia.
Effect of hyperkalemia on experimental myocardial depression by verapamil.
The effect of estradiol on the production and secretion of complement component 3 by the rat uterus and surgically induced endometriotic tissue.
Time-related effects of gonadotropin-releasing hormone analog treatment in experimentally induced endometriosis in the rat.
Hypoxia-induced in vivo sickling of transgenic mouse red cells.
An autosomal recessive gene that delays expression of lupus in BXSB mice.
Acquired immune dysfunction in cats with experimentally induced feline immunodeficiency virus infection: comparison of short-term and long-term infections.
X-irradiation improves mdx mouse muscle as a model of myofiber loss in DMD.
Ultrastructure of respiratory cilia of WIC-Hyd male rats. An animal model for human immotile cilia syndrome.
Human atherosclerotic coronary artery xenografts: a model for investigation of transluminal recanalization.
Evaluation of three techniques for documenting Staphylococcus epidermidis vascular prosthetic graft infections.
Effect of oxygen-free radical scavengers on survival in sepsis.
Cowpox/catpox infection.
The role of venous hypertension in the pathogenesis of Legg-Perthes disease. A clinical and experimental study.
Duchenne's cardiomyopathy in a canine model: electrocardiographic and echocardiographic studies.
Natural evolution of cardiac function, cardiac pathology and antimyosin scan in a murine myocarditis model.
The rat lung organotypic culture: an in vitro model for studying surfactant metabolism abnormalities.
A study of the effectiveness of the iron-chelating agent deferoxamine as vasospasm prophylaxis in a rabbit model of subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Effect of rifabutin on disseminated Mycobacterium avium infections in thymectomized, CD4 T-cell-deficient mice.
Deferoxamine and eflornithine (DL-alpha-difluoromethylornithine) in a rat model of Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia.
Spontaneous degenerative polyarthritis in male New Zealand black/KN mice.
A rat model of esophageal varices.
Vaccination of cotton rats with a chimeric FG glycoprotein of human respiratory syncytial virus induces minimal pulmonary pathology on challenge.
Extremely high incidence of antibiotic resistance in clinical isolates of Streptococcus pneumoniae in Hungary.
Postexposure prophylaxis with zidovudine suppresses human immunodeficiency virus type 1 infection in SCID-hu mice in a time-dependent manner.
Role of tolerance in cloxacillin treatment of experimental Staphylococcus aureus endocarditis.
Effect of indomethacin on the pathophysiology of experimental meningitis in rabbits.
Low zinc intake affects maintenance of pregnancy in guinea pigs.
Hosts on which nymphal Ixodes ricinus most abundantly feed.
Intestinal cryptosporidiosis: pathophysiologic alterations and specific cellular and humoral immune responses in rnu/+ and rnu/rnu (athymic) rats.
Isoenzyme profiles of four strains of Giardia lamblia and their infectivity to jirds.
Poisoning with equine phenylbutazone in a racetrack worker.
Comparison of two doses of endotracheal epinephrine in a cardiac arrest model.
Correction of metabolic acidosis in experimental CPR: a comparative study of sodium bicarbonate, carbicarb, and dextrose.
Acceleration of scrapie in trisomy 16----diploid aggregation chimeras.
Nosocomial outbreak of cryptosporidiosis in AIDS patients.
Myosin expression in hypertrophied fast twitch and slow tonic muscles of normal and dystrophic chickens.
Dystrophin expression in myotubes formed by the fusion of normal and dystrophic myoblasts.
A mouse model for investigating the molecular pathogenesis of adenovirus pneumonia.
Role of pulmonary inflammation in altered airway responsiveness in three sheep models of acute lung injury.
Quantifying lung structure. Experimental design and biologic variation in various models of lung injury.
In vivo administration of granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (G-CSF), granulocyte-macrophage CSF, interleukin-1 (IL-1), and IL-4, alone and in combination, after allogeneic murine hematopoietic stem cell transplantation.
Functional properties in vitro of systemic small arteries from rabbits fed a cholesterol-rich diet for 12 weeks.
The use of an amniotic membrane graft to prevent postoperative adhesions.
Hypertrophic smooth muscle in the partially obstructed opossum esophagus. The model: histological and ultrastructural observations.
Gastric injury and invasion of parietal cells by spiral bacteria in rhesus monkeys. Are gastritis and hyperchlorhydria infectious diseases?
Colonic motor activity in acute colitis in conscious dogs.
Beagle pup germinal matrix maturation studies.
Topical fibronectin in an alkali burn model of corneal ulceration in rabbits.
Pulmonary compliance: early assessment of evolving lung injury after onset of sepsis.
Altered surfactant function and metabolism in rabbits with acute lung injury.
Anti-La antibody production by MRL-1pr/1pr mice. Analysis of fine specificity.
Evaluation of antibiotic-supplemented bone allograft in a rabbit model.
Modulation of N-nitrosomethylurea-induced mammary tumor promotion by dietary fiber and fat.
The guinea pig as a model of gradual urethral obstruction.
Creation of a feline model of obstructive uropathy.
Feline immunodeficiency virus (FIV) infection in the cat as a model for HIV infection in man: FIV-induced impairment of immune function.
Inflammatory bowel disease induced by combined bacterial immunization and oral carrageenan in guinea pigs. Model development, histopathology, and effects of sulfasalazine.
Onset of induced atrial flutter in the canine pericarditis model
Cryptosporidium infection in acquired immunodeficiency syndrome: not always a poor prognosis.
Animal model for dermolytic mechanobullous disease: sheep with recessive dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa lack collagen VII.
Excimer laser ablative treatment of microbial keratitis.
Fungal skin infections associated with animal contact.
Assessment of experimental pericardial effusion using nuclear magnetic resonance imaging techniques.
The fetus as a patient. Surgical considerations.
Experimental obliterative cholangitis. A model for the study of biliary atresia.
Treatment of human melanoma hepatic metastases in nude mice with human cytotoxic T lymphocytes.
Circus movement atrial flutter in the canine sterile pericarditis model. Differential effects of procainamide on the components of the reentrant pathway.
Anaerobic osteomyelitis. A new experimental rabbit model.
Animal models of rheumatoid arthritis. Clues to etiology and treatment.
Induction of encephalitis in SJL mice by intranasal infection with herpes simplex virus type 1: a possible model of herpes simplex encephalitis in humans.
Varicella in hairless guinea pigs.
Comparative protective activity of human monoclonal and hyperimmune polyclonal antibody against group B streptococci.
A model of pneumococcal pneumonia in chronically intoxicated rats.
An experimental model of early central nervous system syphilis.
Intermittent, alternating, and concurrent regimens of zidovudine and 2'-3' dideoxycytidine in the LP-BM5 murine induced immunodeficiency model.
Monoclonal antibody to the receptor for murine coronavirus MHV-A59 inhibits viral replication in vivo.
Protective and curative effects of rifampicin in Acanthamoeba meningitis of the mouse.
Freezing lesions of the developing rat brain: a model for cerebrocortical microgyria.
Effect of cyclosporine on the development of cerebral vasospasm in a primate model.
Experimental oral foreign body reactions: vegetable materials.
Fibromatous epulis in dogs and peripheral odontogenic fibroma in human beings: two equivalent lesions.
Parasitic diseases. Diseases associated with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Parasites, pets, and people.
Dietary fats and oils in cardiac arrhythmia in rats.
Experimental Onchocerca volvulus infections in mangabey monkeys (Cercocebus atys) compared to infections in humans and chimpanzees (Pan troglodytes).
Andean leishmaniasis in Ecuador caused by infection with Leishmania mexicana and L. major-like parasites.
A comparison of rust-ring removal methods in a rabbit model: small-gauge hypodermic needle versus electric drill.
Intraspinal transplants.
Amelioration of light-induced retinal degeneration by a calcium overload blocker. Flunarizine.
Chronic pulmonary thromboembolism in dogs treated with tranexamic acid.
Mucosal injury and gamma-irradiation produce persistent gastric ulcers in the rabbit. Evaluation of antiulcer drug binding to experimental ulcer sites.
Portacaval shunt as an experimental model of impaired hepatic release of vitamin A in liver disease.
Oxygen free radicals in acute pancreatitis of the rat.
Biomechanical evaluation of methods of posterior stabilization of the spine and posterior lumbar interbody arthrodesis for lumbosacral isthmic spondylolisthesis. A calf-spine model.
Correlation of the extracellular glutamate concentration with extent of blood flow reduction after subdural hematoma in the rat.
Nerves in inflammatory synovium: immunohistochemical observations on the adjuvant arthritis rat model.
Tissue distribution of the dystrophin-related gene product and expression in the mdx and dy mouse.
Rifampin resistance of Legionella pneumophila is not increased during therapy for experimental Legionnaires disease: study of rifampin resistance using a guinea pig model of Legionnaires disease.
Transgenic mice as models of hemopoiesis.
Peptide inhibition of myointimal proliferation by angiopeptin
