Comparison of chloroquine, pyrimethamine and sulfadoxine, and chlorproguanil and dapsone as treatment for falciparum malaria in pregnant and non-pregnant women, Kakamega District, Kenya.
Surgical aspects of malaria.
Acanthamoeba keratitis with two species of Acanthamoeba.
Endoscopic cholangiopancreatography in hepatic clonorchiasis--a follow-up study.
Cardiac echinococcosis: the diagnostic value of computed tomography scanning.
The relationship of antibody levels to the clinical spectrum of human neurocysticercosis.
Use of CT and MR imaging to distinguish intracranial lesions and to define the need for biopsy in AIDS patients
Neurological sequelae of cerebral malaria in children.
Prenatal diagnosis of congenital toxoplasmosis.
Infectious diarrhea. Managing a misery that is still worldwide.
Clinicopathological features of childhood nephrotic syndrome in northern Nigeria
Impact of mass treatment of onchocerciasis with ivermectin on the transmission of infection.
Disseminated strongyloidiasis in AIDS and non-AIDS immunocompromised hosts: diagnosis by sputum and bronchoalveolar lavage.
Cerebral cysticercosis.
Pleuropulmonary manifestations of hepatic amebiasis
Ascariasis.
Toxoplasmic chorioretinitis and hepatic granulomas.
High infectious morbidity in pregnant women with insulin-dependent diabetes: an understated complication.
Successful medical management of Acanthamoeba keratitis
Humoral and cell-mediated immune responses to the Plasmodium falciparum antigens PF155/RESA and CS protein: seasonal variations in a population recently reexposed to endemic malaria.
In vitro growth inhibition of Plasmodium falciparum by sera from different regions of the Philippines.
Comparison of active and passive case detection of cutaneous leishmaniasis in Guatemala.
Diffuse cutaneous leishmaniasis acquired in Peru.
A comparison of host responses of the Mongolian jird to infections of Brugia malayi and B. pahangi.
Transmission indices of Loa loa in the Chaillu Mountains, Congo.
In vivo assessment of antimicrobial agents against Toxoplasma gondii by quantification of parasites in the blood, lungs, and brain of infected mice.
Intraoperative bronchial aspiration of ruptured pulmonary hydatid cysts.
An immunofluorescence study of cerebral malaria. A correlation with histopathology.
In vitro rosetting, cytoadherence, and microagglutination properties of Plasmodium falciparum-infected erythrocytes from Gambian and Tanzanian patients.
Mefloquine kinetics in cured and recrudescent patients with acute falciparum malaria and in healthy volunteers.
Hemoptysis in a 49-year-old man. An unusual presentation of a sporadic disease.
Variceal sclerosis in schistosomotic patients: a 5-year follow-up study.
Transfusion risks.
Circulating immune complex-associated parasite antigens in human onchocerciasis.
Bacterial infections in patients with visceral leishmaniasis.
Diagnosis of intestinal amebiasis using salivary IgA antibody detection.
Effects of albendazole on Echinococcus multilocularis infection in the Mongolian jird.
Dexamethasone increases plasma levels of albendazole.
Toxoplasmosis of the conus medullaris in a patient with hemophilia A-associated AIDS. Case report.
Cerebral malaria in children
HIV disease: a review for the family physician. Part II. Secondary infections, malignancy and experimental therapy.
Detection of congenital toxoplasmosis by chorionic villus sampling and early amniocentesis.
Variations in malaria transmission rates are not related to anopheline survivorship per feeding cycle.
Geographical distribution of Plasmodium falciparum erythrocyte rosetting and frequency of rosetting antibodies in human sera.
Studies in owl monkeys leading to the development of a synthetic vaccine against the asexual blood stages of Plasmodium falciparum.
Immunization of owl monkeys with a combination of Plasmodium falciparum asexual blood-stage synthetic peptide antigens.
Ultrasonographical investigations of onchocerciasis in Liberia.
Plasmodium falciparum-infected Anopheles stephensi inconsistently transmit malaria to humans.
Quantitative in vitro drug potency and drug susceptibility evaluation of Leishmania ssp. from patients unresponsive to pentavalent antimony therapy.
Parasite antigenemia in untreated and treated lymphatic filarial infections.
Selective breeding of dogs for segregation of limb edema from microfilaremia as clinical manifestations of Brugia infections.
Physical activity, opportunity for reinfection, and sibling history of heart disease as risk factors for Chagas' cardiopathy.
Efficacy and toxicity of sodium stibogluconate for mucosal leishmaniasis.
Acute renal failure in obstructive jaundice in cholangiocarcinoma.
Sulfadiazine crystalluria revisited. The treatment of Toxoplasma encephalitis in patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Lindane (Kwell)-induced aplastic anemia.
Pathophysiological insights into the cardiomyopathy of Chagas' disease.
Longitudinal study of lesions of the posterior segment in onchocerciasis.
Toxoplasma gondii retinochoroiditis and optic neuritis in acquired immune deficiency syndrome. Report of a case.
Concomitant neurocysticercosis and brucellosis.
Disseminated strongyloidiasis with central nervous system involvement diagnosed antemortem in a patient with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome and Burkitts lymphoma.
Echinococcus infestation of the biceps brachii. A case report.
Phrenomediastinal echinococcosis.
Epidemiology of epilepsy in Guaymi Indians from Bocas del Toro Province, Republic of Panama.
Light microscopic diagnosis of human microsporidiosis and variable response to octreotide.
B cell responses to paramyosin. Isotypic analysis and epitope mapping of filarial paramyosin in patients with onchocerciasis.
Eosinophilic meningitis: cause of a chronic pain syndrome.
The "nuisance" sexually transmitted diseases: molluscum contagiosum, scabies, and crab lice.
Identification of Toxoplasma gondii in paraffin-embedded sections by the polymerase chain reaction.
Acanthamoeba keratitis associated with disposable contact lenses.
Visceral leishmaniasis in a Scottish child.
Human cerebral malaria: association with erythrocyte rosetting and lack of anti-rosetting antibodies.
Pregnancy outcome after inadvertent ivermectin treatment during community-based distribution.
Activated eosinophils increase vascular permeability and resistance in isolated perfused rat lungs
Filarial-specific IgG4 response correlates with active Wuchereria bancrofti infection.
Serum resistance of metacyclic stage Leishmania major promastigotes is due to release of C5b-9.
Analysis of the permissive association of a malaria T cell epitope with DR molecules.
Sensitive and specific detection of toxoplasma DNA in an experimental murine model: use of Toxoplasma gondii-specific cDNA and the polymerase chain reaction.
Tumor necrosis factor and severe malaria.
Effectiveness and tolerance of long-term malaria prophylaxis with mefloquine. Need for a better dosing regimen
Imported Plasmodium falciparum malaria in American travelers to Africa. Implications for prevention strategies
Leishmania donovani chagasi: new clinical variant of cutaneous leishmaniasis in Honduras.
Strongyloides stercoralis associated with a bleeding gastric ulcer.
Potential role of IgG avidity for diagnosing toxoplasmosis.
Rapid diagnosis of malaria by fluorescence microscopy with light microscope and interference filter
Exchange transfusion as an adjunct to the treatment of severe falciparum malaria: case report and review.
Short-term course of corticosteroids in the treatment of resistant ascites complicating schistosomal liver disease.
Eosinophilic ascites due to hyperinfection with Strongyloides stercoralis.
A comparative study of gastrointestinal infections in United States soldiers receiving doxycycline or mefloquine for malaria prophylaxis.
Mucocutaneous leishmaniasis due to Leishmania (Leishmania) infantum: biochemical characterization.
Leishmania mexicana complex: human infections in the Republic of Panama.
Infectivity of the subspecies of the Leishmania braziliensis complex in vivo and in vitro.
An improved serodiagnostic procedure for visceral leishmaniasis.
Wasting and macrophage production of tumor necrosis factor/cachectin and interleukin 1 in experimental visceral leishmaniasis.
Effects of multiple monthly doses of ivermectin on adult Onchocerca volvulus.
Amebic meningoencephalitis in a patient with AIDS caused by a newly recognized opportunistic pathogen. Leptomyxid ameba.
Scabies in nursing homes: an eradication program with permethrin 5% cream.
Monoclonal, but not polyclonal, antibodies protect against Plasmodium yoelii sporozoites.
Antibodies to human T lymphotropic virus type I in a population from the Philippines: evidence for cross-reactivity with Plasmodium falciparum.
A comparison of 6-, 12-, and 24-monthly dosing with ivermectin for treatment of onchocerciasis.
Community-based treatment of onchocerciasis with ivermectin: safety, efficacy, and acceptability of yearly treatment.
Visceral leishmaniasis in HIV infection and AIDS: clinical features and response to therapy.
Infestation of extraocular muscle by Cysticercus cellulosae.
Meningitis due to protozoa and helminths.
Toxoplasma gondii infection during pregnancy: T lymphocyte subpopulations in mothers and fetuses.
Protection against malaria morbidity: near-fixation of the alpha-thalassemia gene in a Nepalese population.
The effect of N-alkyl modification on the antimalarial activity of 3-hydroxypyridin-4-one oral iron chelators.
Changes in electrocardiographic patterns at different stages of Chagas' heart disease in rats.
Genetic control of the immune response in mice to Leishmania mexicana surface protease.
Inability of malaria vaccine to induce antibodies to a protective epitope within its sequence.
Techniques in endoscopic lithotripsy using pulsed dye laser.
Impaired sympathetic nerve function in the inflamed rat intestine.
Cardiac echinococcosis with fatal intracerebral embolism.
Fatal adult respiratory distress syndrome following successful treatment of pulmonary strongyloidiasis.
Isolation and characterization of a new human microsporidian, Encephalitozoon hellem (n. sp.), from three AIDS patients with keratoconjunctivitis.
Rapid microscopic detection of malaria parasites permanently fluorochrome stained in blood smears with aluminum and morin.
Hosts on which nymphal Ixodes ricinus most abundantly feed.
Detection of Plasmodium falciparum infection with the fluorescent dye, benzothiocarboxypurine.
Acridine orange fluorescent microscopy and the detection of malaria in populations with low-density parasitemia.
Characteristics of natural antibody responses to the circumsporozoite protein of Plasmodium vivax.
Plasmodium vivax sporozoite antibodies in individuals exposed during a single malaria outbreak in a non-endemic area.
Comparison of high dose ivermectin and diethylcarbamazine for activity against bancroftian filariasis in Haiti.
Immunization of owl monkeys with the ring-infected erythrocyte surface antigen of Plasmodium falciparum.
A spleen is not necessary to resolve infections with Plasmodium yoelii.
Intestinal cryptosporidiosis: pathophysiologic alterations and specific cellular and humoral immune responses in rnu/+ and rnu/rnu (athymic) rats.
The effect of chloroquine prophylaxis on yellow fever vaccine antibody response: comparison of plaque reduction neutralization test and enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay.
Definition of the role of contemporary surgical management in cisternal and parenchymatous cysticercosis cerebri.
Radiographic manifestations of anomalies of the brain.
Use of immunoglobulin gene rearrangements to show clonal lymphoproliferation in hyper-reactive malarial splenomegaly
Co-trimoxazole for childhood febrile illness in malaria-endemic regions.
Intracranial pressure in African children with cerebral malaria
Onchocercacidal effects of amocarzine (CGP 6140) in Latin America.
Cerebral falciparum malaria mimicking thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura.
Growth in children from the Wosera subdistrict, Papua New Guinea, in relation to energy and protein intakes and zinc status.
The epidemiologic association of Fuchs' heterochromic iridocyclitis and ocular toxoplasmosis.
Inhibition of anaphylaxis-evoked intestinal fluid secretion by the dual application of an H1 antagonist and cyclooxygenase inhibitor.
Macrophage engulfment of mucosal mast cells in rats treated with dexamethasone.
Mucin and nonmucin secretagogue activity of Entamoeba histolytica and cholera toxin in rat colon.
Cross-antigenicity between the scabies mite, Sarcoptes scabiei, and the house dust mite, Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus.
Increased number of dendritic cells in draining lymph nodes accompanies the generation of contact photosensitivity.
Mass flea outbreak at a child care facility: case report.
Linear areas of echogenicity in the thalami and basal ganglia of neonates: an expanded association. Work in progress.
Hookworm folliculitis.
Scabies presenting as bullous pemphigoid-like eruption.
Therapy for acute infectious diarrhea in children.
Etiology and mechanisms of acute infectious diarrhea in infants in the United States.
Rhegmatogenous retinal detachments in patients with AIDS and necrotizing retinal infections.
Hydatid cyst of the interatrial and interventricular septum of the heart.
Duration of adult female Ixodes dammini attachment and transmission of Borrelia burgdorferi, with description of a needle aspiration isolation method.
Protective and curative effects of rifampicin in Acanthamoeba meningitis of the mouse.
Neuro-ophthalmic manifestations of human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Signs and symptoms of parasitic diseases.
Sexually transmitted parasitic diseases.
Parasitic diseases. Diseases associated with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
The pinworm, Enterobius vermicularis.
Parasites of the skin and hair.
The office diagnosis of common intestinal parasitic diseases.
Malaria.
Parasitic diseases. International travel. Preparing your patient.
The roundworm, Ascaris lumbricoides.
Parasitic diseases. Other roundworms. Trichuris, hookworm, and Strongyloides.
Parasites during pregnancy.
An immunogenic Onchocerca volvulus antigen: a specific and early marker of infection.
Endoscopic assessment of chloroquine phosphate-induced damage to esophageal, gastric, and duodenal mucosa.
Detection of Opisthorchis viverrini by monoclonal antibody-based ELISA and DNA hybridization.
Abdominal sparganosis in Ecuador: a case report.
Experimental Onchocerca volvulus infections in mangabey monkeys (Cercocebus atys) compared to infections in humans and chimpanzees (Pan troglodytes).
Analysis of isotype-specific antifilarial antibody levels in a Haitian pediatric population.
Microvascular sequestration of parasitized erythrocytes in human falciparum malaria: a pathological study.
Immunization and protection against malaria during murine pregnancy.
Evidence for specific suppression of gametocytemia by Plasmodium falciparum in residents of hyperendemic Irian Jaya.
A longitudinal study of seroreactivities to Plasmodium falciparum antigens in infants and children living in a holoendemic area of Liberia.
Naturally acquired circumsporozoite antibodies and their role in protection in endemic falciparum and vivax malaria.
Andean leishmaniasis in Ecuador caused by infection with Leishmania mexicana and L. major-like parasites.
Leishmania (Viannia) braziliensis: comparative pathology of golden hamsters infected with isolates from cutaneous and mucosal lesions of patients residing in Tres Bracos, Bahia, Brazil.
Dynamic cardiomyoplasty in chronic Chagas' heart disease: clinicopathological data.
Ocular manifestations of onchocerciasis in a rain forest area of west Africa.
Histopathology and immunohistochemistry of the caecum in children with the Trichuris dysentery syndrome.
Measurement of acute phase proteins for assessing severity of Plasmodium falciparum malaria.
Automated microparticle enzyme immunoassays for IgG and IgM antibodies to Toxoplasma gondii.
Bilateral sudden deafness and acute acquired toxoplasmosis.
Circulating Epstein-Barr virus-carrying B cells in acute malaria.
Clinical significance of small-intestinal microsporidiosis in HIV-1-infected individuals
Use of the Denver pleuroperitoneal shunt in the treatment of chylothorax secondary to filariasis.
Echinococcal disease of the urinary tract: review of the management of 7 cases.
Maternal filarial infection as risk factor for infection in children.
Community control of scabies: a model based on use of permethrin cream
Cerebral sparganosis: case report and review.
Activities of pefloxacin and ciprofloxacin against experimental malaria in mice.
Immunity to onchocerciasis: recognition of larval antigens by humans putatively immune to Onchocerca volvulus infection.
Evidence of nonsusceptibility to diethylcarbamazine in Wuchereria bancrofti.
Liposomal amphotericin B in drug-resistant visceral leishmaniasis.
Transfusion-transmitted babesiosis: a case report from a new endemic area.
Current practices in the management of ocular toxoplasmosis.
Acquired immunodeficiency syndrome with disseminated toxoplasmosis presenting as an acute pulmonary and gastrointestinal illness.
Pentastomiasis in Canada.
Echographic characteristics of ocular toxocariasis.
Protection against malaria by vaccination with sporozoite surface protein 2 plus CS protein.
Anti-Toxoplasma effects of dapsone alone and combined with pyrimethamine.
Remarkable in vitro and in vivo activities of the hydroxynaphthoquinone 566C80 against tachyzoites and tissue cysts of Toxoplasma gondii.
Prolonged malaria prophylaxis with chloroquine and proguanil (chloroguanide) in a nonimmune resident population of an endemic area with a high prevalence of chloroquine resistance.
A role for IgE in intestinal immunity. Expression of rapid expulsion of Trichinella spiralis in rats transfused with IgE and thoracic duct lymphocytes.
Primary central nervous system lymphoma versus toxoplasmosis in AIDS.
Intestinal parasites in Cambodians: comparison of diagnostic methods used in screening refugees with implications for treatment of populations with high rates of infestation.
Aphthoid ulceration of the colon in strongyloidiasis.
Improvement in severe onchocercal skin disease after a single dose of ivermectin.
Ophthalmomyiasis caused by the reindeer warble fly larva.
Strongyloides stercoralis hyperinfection in an HIV positive patient.
High mebendazole doses in pulmonary and hepatic hydatid disease.
Visceral leishmaniasis: another HIV-associated opportunistic infection? Report of eight cases and review of the literature.
Epilepsy: disappearing lesions appearing in the United Kingdom
Povidone-iodine in experimental peritoneal hydatidosis.
Guatemalan human onchocerciasis. I. Systematic analysis of patient populations, nodular antigens, and specific isotypic reactions.
Guatemalan human onchocerciasis. II. Evidence for IgG3 involvement in acquired immunity to Onchocerca volvulus and identification of possible immune-associated antigens.
Leishmanin skin test standardization and evaluation of safety, dose, storage, longevity of reaction and sensitization.
A rapid and simple diagnostic test for active visceral leishmaniasis.
A killing disease epidemic among displaced Sudanese population identified as visceral leishmaniasis.
Phlebotomus guggisbergi (Diptera: Psychodidae), a vector of Leishmania tropica in Kenya.
Coexistence of GP195 alleles of Plasmodium falciparum in a small endemic area.

