Osteoma of the middle ear. Report of a case.
Replacement of an aortic valve cusp after neonatal endocarditis.
Chondrosarcoma of bone in children.
Klinefelter's syndrome with anomalous origin of left main coronary artery
The importance of calcium ions for in vitro malignant hyperthermia testing.
Intertrochanteric corrective osteotomy in slipped capital femoral epiphysis. A long-term follow-up study of 26 patients.
Five-year postoperative results of cemented femoral arthroplasty in patients with systemic bone disease.
Trochanteric fractures. Influence of reduction and implant position on impaction and complications.
The influence of joint line position on knee stability after condylar knee arthroplasty.
Pediatric spondyloarthropathies.
The relationship between bone morphogenetic protein and neoplastic bone diseases.
The influence of growth hormone on the reversibility of articular cartilage degeneration in rabbits.
Effects of corticosteroids on mechanical strength of intervertebral joints and vertebrae in dogs.
Biomechanical comparison of single- and double-pin fixation for acute slipped capital femoral epiphysis.
Results of treatment of tibial and femoral osteomyelitis in adults.
Ocular complications of rheumatic diseases of childhood.
Combined laminoplasty and posterolateral fusion for spinal canal surgery in children and adolescents.
Comparison of quantitative sensory-threshold measures for their association with foot ulceration in diabetic patients.
Measuring vibration sensations with graduated tuning fork. Simple and reliable means to detect diabetic patients at risk of neuropathic foot ulceration.
Chiari pelvic osteotomy for osteoarthritis. The influence of the torn and detached acetabular labrum.
The incidence of deep vein thrombosis after cementless and cemented knee replacement.
External fixation for type III open tibial fractures.
Mechanism of the pivot shift.
Healing of non-vascularised diaphyseal bone transplants. An experimental study.
The management of the painful first metatarsophalangeal joint in the older patient. Arthrodesis or Keller's arthroplasty?
Neonatal osteomyelitis.
Ultrasound-guided aspiration for transient synovitis of the hip.
Surgical treatment for severe slipping of the upper femoral epiphysis.
Transient cyst-like cortical defects following fractures in children. Medullary fat within the subperiosteal haematoma.
Open transpedicular biopsy of the vertebral body.
The modified Schollner costoplasty.
A surgical approach to the cervicothoracic spine.
Operative and conservative treatment of moderate spondylolisthesis in young patients.
Lumbar intervertebral disc prolapse in teenage twins. A case report and review of the literature.
Radiographic appearances in lumbar disc prolapse.
Autoantibodies to the HLA-B27 sequence cross-react with the hypothetical peptide from the arthritis-associated Shigella plasmid.
Scleroderma and L-tryptophan: a possible explanation of the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Dermatoses associated with sterile lytic bone lesions.
The restorative and surgical technique for the full maxillary subperiosteal implant.
Regenerating bone in clinical periodontics.
Imidazole salicylate versus piroxicam in the treatment of arthrosis in elderly patients. A double-blind clinical and endoscopic trial.
Epidemiology in bone and joint infection.
Animal models of osteomyelitis. Knowledge, hypothesis, and speculation.
Musculoskeletal infection, microbial adhesion, and antibiotic resistance.
The diabetic foot. Soft tissue and bone infection.
Hyperbaric oxygen as adjunctive therapy for osteomyelitis.
Diagnostic imaging of osteomyelitis.
Antibiotic therapy for osteomyelitis.
Surgical approaches in osteomyelitis. Use of laser Doppler flowmetry to determine nonviable bone.
Acute osteomyelitis in children.
Infectious arthritis.
Vertebral osteomyelitis.
Zygomatic approach to skull-base lesions.
Postlaminectomy ossified extradural pseudocyst. Case report.
A simple technique of posterior wiring in traumatic instability of the mid to lower cervical spine. Technical note.
Adaptive and remodeling changes in the fractured mandibular condyle after open reduction using the Kirschner pin.
Treatment of the retained permanent molar.
Management of delayed union and nonunion of maxillary osteotomies.
Composite temporalis pedicle flap as an interpositional graft in temporomandibular joint arthroplasty: a preliminary report.
Tissue response to composite ceramic hydroxyapatite/demineralized bone implants.
Bone response to hydroxyapatite particles of different shapes in rabbit tibia.
Invasive squamous cell carcinoma of the mandible presenting as a chronic osteomyelitis: report of a case.
Assessment of Proplast-Teflon disc replacements [published erratum appears in J Oral Maxillofac Surg 1991 Feb;49(2):220]
A protocol for management of temporomandibular joint ankylosis.
Factors associated with soft- and hard-tissue compromise of endosseous implants.
Magnetic resonance imaging appearance of the muscles in childhood dermatomyositis.
Heat induced radial segmentation of leukocyte nuclei in patients with polymyalgia rheumatica and other inflammatory diseases.
CD5 positive B lymphocytes in seronegative juvenile arthritis.
A modification of the Health Assessment Questionnaire for the spondyloarthropathies [published erratum appears in J Rheumatol 1991 Feb;18(2):305]
Trigger finger in young patients with insulin dependent diabetes.
Prevalence of tendinitis and related disorders of the upper extremity in a manufacturing workforce.
An unusual manifestation of Paget's disease of bone: spinal epidural hematoma presenting as acute cauda equina syndrome.
A self-report articular index measure of arthritic activity: investigations of reliability, validity and sensitivity.
Connective tissue disease in southeast Georgia. A community based study of immunogenetic markers and autoantibodies.
The heterogeneity of anticentromere antibodies in immunoblotting analysis.
Pyoderma gangrenosum complicating Felty's syndrome.
Presentation of breast carcinoma as Volkmann's contracture due to skeletal muscle metastases.
Rapidly progressive calcific periarthritis occurring in a patient with lupus nephritis receiving chronic ambulatory peritoneal dialysis.
The prophylactic use of antibiotic impregnated beads in open fractures.
Vitamin D and bone.
Accelerated transmural gradients of energy compound metabolism resulting from left ventricular hypertrophy.
Le Fort I osteotomy approach to the skull base.
Spinal bone loss and ovulatory disturbances
Pre-trigeminal neuralgia.
Effect of estrone sulfate on postmenopausal bone loss.
Premature alveolar bone loss in Erdheim-Chester disease.
Dental abnormalities associated with familial expansile osteolysis: a clinical and radiographic study.
Differences between florid osseous dysplasia and chronic diffuse sclerosing osteomyelitis.
The radiologic morphology of asymptomatic temporomandibular joints.
The radiologic morphology of painful temporomandibular joints.
Bone trabecular pattern analysis in Down syndrome with the use of computed panoramic radiography. Part II: Visual pattern analysis with the frequency and gradational enhancement.
Silicone rubber fossa implant removal via partial arthrotomy followed by arthroscopic examination of the internal surface of the fibrous capsule.
A histologic evaluation of the accuracy of TMJ diagnostic arthroscopy.
Triple bone labeling of canine mandibles.
Temporomandibular joint dysfunction and selected health parameters in the elderly.
Diffuse sclerosing osteomyelitis of the mandible: a new concept of its etiology.
Peripheral giant cell granuloma: evidence for osteoclastic differentiation.
Progressive osseous destruction as a complication of HIV-periodontitis.
Periapical lesions of mandibular bone: difficulties in early diagnostics.
Fine-detail panoramic radiography by free-focus radiography. A clinical demonstration of diagnostic radiographs.
Tibial nonunions. Treatment tactics with the Ilizarov method.
The use of the Ilizarov concept with the AO/ASIF tubular fixateur in the treatment of segmental defects.
Treatment of malunions and mal-nonunions of the femur and tibia by detailed preoperative planning and the Ilizarov techniques.
Pauwels osteotomy for nonunions of the femoral neck.
Amenorrhea, osteopenia, and the female athlete.
The Le Fort III advancement osteotomy in the child under 7 years of age.
Polyurethane foam-covered implants and capsular contracture: a laboratory investigation.
Recurrent anterior dislocation of the ulnar nerve at the cubital tunnel.
Temporal bone: three-dimensional CT. Part II. Pathologic alterations.
Scapholunate advanced collapse: a common wrist abnormality in calcium pyrophosphate dihydrate crystal deposition disease.
Dermatomyositis: correlative MR imaging and P-31 MR spectroscopy for quantitative characterization of inflammatory disease
Cytomegalovirus-induced osteomyelitis in a patient with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Sagittal plane analysis in idiopathic scoliosis patients treated with Cotrel-Dubousset instrumentation.
Long scoliosis fusion to the sacrum in adults with nonparalytic scoliosis. An improved method.
Herniated intervertebral discs associated with unstable spinal injuries.
High levels of inflammatory phospholipase A2 activity in lumbar disc herniations.
High lumbar disc degeneration. Incidence and etiology.
The natural history of lumbar intervertebral disc extrusions treated nonoperatively.
Metabolic bone disease in lumbar pseudarthrosis.
Lumbar discography followed by computed tomography. Refining the diagnosis of low-back pain.
A multicenter analysis of percutaneous discectomy.
Tryptophan-induced eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome
Disc space infection: a case report with MRI diagnosis.
Factors influencing the development of metabolic bone disease in primary biliary cirrhosis.
Phenotypic heterogeneity in osteogenesis imperfecta: the mildly affected mother of a proband with a lethal variant has the same mutation substituting cysteine for alpha 1-glycine 904 in a type I procollagen gene (COL1A1).
Postpartum osteomyelitis caused by group B streptococcus.
Magnetic resonance imaging of radiation optic neuropathy.
Early facial reanimation following radical parotid and temporal bone tumor resections.
Mandibular reconstruction with composite microvascular tissue transfer.
Reconstruction of mandibular defects in irradiated patients.
Predicting the severity of cocaine-associated rhabdomyolysis.
Treatment of postmenopausal osteoporosis with high doses of synthetic calcitriol. A randomized controlled study
An unusual cause of thoracic mass.
Eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome. Recognition of a distinct clinicopathologic entity
Eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome associated with L-tryptophan ingestion. Analysis of four patients and implications for differential diagnosis and pathogenesis
A prospective necropsy study of arthritis in acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Congenital myopathy and cardiomyopathy with identical ultrastructural changes.
Unusual cause of 'piriformis muscle syndrome'.
Imbalance between the mechanisms of activation and inhibition of metalloproteases in the early lesions of experimental osteoarthritis.
Cellular immune response toward human articular chondrocytes. T cell reactivities against chondrocyte and fibroblast membranes in destructive joint diseases.
Relationship of glucocorticoid dosage to serum bone Gla-protein concentration in patients with rheumatologic disorders.
Specificity of antibodies to type II collagen in rheumatoid arthritis.
Renal disease in chronic arthritis of childhood. A study of urinary N-acetyl-beta-glucosaminidase and beta 2-microglobulin excretion.
Pseudotumor of the craniocervical junction during long-term hemodialysis.
Human immunodeficiency virus-associated psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis, and Reiter's syndrome: a disease continuum?
Intravenous pulse cyclophosphamide therapy in myositis and Sjogren's syndrome.
Alcohol and bone disease.
The effect of local deep microwave hyperthermia on experimental zymosan-induced arthritis in rabbits.
Pivoting larynx--an unusual clinical observation at laryngoscopy.
Extradural abscess following local anaesthetic and steroid injection for chronic low back pain.
Prediction of hip fracture in elderly women: a prospective study
The sulphated glycosaminoglycan levels in synovial fluid aspirates in patients with acute and chronic joint disease.
Patients with arthritis and anti-U1-RNP antibodies: a 10-year follow-up.
Diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis (DISH) of the shoulder: a cause of shoulder pain?
A clinical epidemiological study in low back pain. Description of two clinical syndromes.
Lesions of the mid-shaft of the humerus presenting as shoulder capsulitis.
Abdominal wall pain: an alternative diagnosis.
Cemented total knee arthroplasty for gonarthrosis in patients 55 years old or younger.
Total knee arthroplasty in diabetes mellitus.
Bone loss in the distal anterior femur after total knee arthroplasty.
A sequential three-step lateral release for correcting fixed valgus knee deformities during total knee arthroplasty.
Anterior acromioplasty for treatment of the shoulder impingement syndrome.
Humeral head retroversion in patients with unstable humeroscapular joints.
Chondrosarcoma complicating total hip arthroplasty in Maffucci's syndrome.
Total hip arthroplasties in patients younger than 45 years. A nine- to ten-year follow-up study.
Giant-cell reparative granuloma of the hand and foot bones.
Primary inflammatory reaction in synovial fluid and tissue in rabbit immobilization osteoarthritis.
Comparison of patellar resurfacing versus nonresurfacing in bilateral total knee arthroplasty.
The inwardly pointing knee. An unrecognized problem of external rotational malalignment.
Late recurrence of varus deformity after proximal tibial osteotomy.
Two- to four-year results of posterior cruciate-sparing condylar total knee arthroplasty with an uncemented femoral component.
Fetal imaging in the skeletal dysplasias.
Does alternate-day cloprednol therapy prevent bone loss? A longitudinal double-blind, controlled clinical study.
Studies of the porcine intestinal calcitriol receptor in pseudo-vitamin D deficiency rickets type I.
Kyphoscoliosis and respiratory failure. A patient treated with assisted ventilation for 27 years.
Macrophage colony stimulating factor restores in vivo bone resorption in the op/op osteopetrotic mouse.
Soft tissue rheumatism of the upper extremities: diagnosis and management.
Calcium absorption in bone disease associated with chronic cholestasis during childhood.
Results of treatment of displaced patellar fractures by partial patellectomy.
Arthrometric evaluation of knees that have a torn anterior cruciate ligament.
Measurement of anterior-posterior displacement of the knee. A comparison of the results with instrumented devices and with clinical examination.
Evaluation of an electrogoniometric instrument for measurement of laxity of the knee.
Use of a knee-brace for control of tibial translation and rotation. A comparison, in cadavera, of available models.
Hypertension after operative correction of club-foot deformity.
The lateral approach for operative release of post-traumatic contracture of the elbow.
Arthrodesis of the ankle with cancellous-bone screws and fibular strut graft. Biomechanical analysis.
Spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia of Maroteaux.
The patellofemoral joint after total knee arthroplasty without patellar resurfacing.
Thyroid abnormalities in the McCune-Albright syndrome: ultrasonography and hormonal studies.
Mandibular osteomyelitis in a patient with sickle cell anemia: report of case.
Musculoskeletal impairments and physical disablement among the aged.
Monosodium urate crystals stimulate phospholipase A2 enzyme activities and the synthesis of a phospholipase A2-activating protein.
A distinctive triad of malformations of the central nervous system in the Meckel-Gruber syndrome.
Limited precision of lumbar spine dual-photon absorptiometry by variations in the soft-tissue background.
Evaluation of anterior maxillary alveolar ridge resorption when opposed by the transmandibular implant.
Rhabdomyolysis and acute renal failure associated with cocaine abuse.
Indirect revascularization of the lower extremity by means of microvascular free-muscle flap--a preliminary report.
Diclofenac-associated hepatotoxicity
Polymyositis: a case history approach to the differential diagnosis and treatment.
Electrophysiological spectrum of inclusion body myositis.
Central changes in hypothyroid myopathy: a case report.
Quantitative electromyography in polymyositis: a reappraisal.
The little women of Loja--growth hormone-receptor deficiency in an inbred population of southern Ecuador.
Characterization of a newly established malignant meningioma cell line of the human brain: IOMM-Lee.
Intradural herniation of a thoracic disc presenting as flaccid paraplegia: case report.
A case of dyschondroplasia associated with brain stem glioma: diagnosis by stereotactic biopsy.
Radical osteoclastic craniectomy in sagittal synostosis
Maffucci's syndrome with bilateral cartilaginous tumors of the cerebellopontine angle.
Electron transfer flavoprotein: ubiquinone oxidoreductase (ETF:QO) deficiency in an adult.
Eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome (L-tryptophan-associated neuromyopathy).
Psoriatic arthropathy of the temporomandibular joint.
Quantitative evaluation of digital dental radiograph imaging systems.
Cross-sectional radiography for implant site assessment.
Heritability of symptoms in an experimental model of neuropathic pain.
Adrenal medullary implants in the rat spinal cord reduce nociception in a chronic pain model.
Thrombocytosis after pneumonia with empyema and other bacterial infections in children.
Young adults with special health care needs: prevalence, severity, and access to health services.
The older adult. A comparative assessment.
Eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome linked to tryptophan.
Diastrophic dysplasia gene maps to the distal long arm of chromosome 5.
Fructose-induced aberration of metabolism in familial gout identified by 31P magnetic resonance spectroscopy.
Hypodense eosinophils and interleukin 5 activity in the blood of patients with the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Treatment of craniomaxillofacial fibrous dysplasia: how early and how extensive?
The use of liposuction to contour cherubism.
Estrogen therapy during menopause and the treatment of osteoporosis.
Tuberculous psoas muscle abscess following chemoprophylaxis with isoniazid in a patient with human immunodeficiency virus infection.
A case of group B streptococcal pyomyositis
Group C streptococcal arthritis: case report and review.
1990 Volvo Award in clinical sciences. Lumbar spinal pathology in cadaveric material in relation to history of back pain, occupation, and physical loading.
1990 Volvo Award in experimental studies. Anulus tears and intervertebral disc degeneration. An experimental study using an animal model.
Osteoporosis and back pain in the elderly. A controlled epidemiologic and radiographic study.
Computer-assisted tomography of scoliosis operated with or without Harrington's rod. Biomechanics aspects of the fusion.
Factors influencing the result of posterior spinal fusion in the treatment of adolescent idiopathic scoliosis.
The operative treatment of progressive early onset scoliosis. A preliminary report.
An analysis of the effect of the Zielke operation on S-shaped curves in idiopathic scoliosis. A follow-up study revealing some skeletal and soft tissue factors involved in curve progression.
Effects of rib elongation on the spine. I. Distortion of the vertebral alignment in the rabbit.
Effects of rib elongation on the spine. II. Correction of scoliosis in the rabbit.
Congenital craniofacial anomalies of ophthalmic importance.
Hyperbaric oxygen therapy for necrotizing fasciitis reduces mortality and the need for debridements.
Estrogen prophylaxis. The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force.
Nutritional rickets.
Mother-daughter pairs: spinal and femoral bone densities and dietary intakes.
Temporary loss of limb function secondary to soft tissue calcification in a patient with rhabdomyolysis-induced acute renal failure.
Nucleus-driven multiple large-scale deletions of the human mitochondrial genome: a new autosomal dominant disease.
A controlled trial of intravenous immunoglobulin G in chronic fatigue syndrome
A double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of intravenous immunoglobulin therapy in patients with chronic fatigue syndrome
Prevalence and determinants of estrogen replacement therapy in elderly women.
Orbital intramuscular schwannoma.
Pathogenesis of antigen-induced arthritis in mice deficient in neutrophil elastase and cathepsin G.
Attenuation of suxamethonium myalgias. Effect of midazolam and vecuronium.
Clinical presentation of suspected malignant hyperthermia during anaesthesia in 402 probands.
Erythromycin failure with subsequent Pasteurella multocida meningitis and septic arthritis in a cat-bite victim.
Gallium nitrate for advanced Paget disease of bone: effectiveness and dose-response analysis.
Arachnoid granulation cerebrospinal fluid otorrhea.
Prediction of acute renal failure after birth asphyxia.
Spontaneous resolution of bone mineral depletion in preterm infants.
Outcome after acute osteomyelitis in preterm infants.
Pheochromocytoma presenting as rhabdomyolysis and acute myoglobinuric renal failure.
The American College of Rheumatology criteria for the classification and reporting of osteoarthritis of the hand.
Type XI collagen-degrading activity in human osteoarthritic cartilage.
A subluxing arthropathy associated with the anti-Jo-1 antibody in polymyositis/dermatomyositis.
IgG and IgA antibodies to the collagen-like region of C1q in rheumatoid vasculitis.
Interleukin-1-induced interleukin-6 is required for the inhibition of proteoglycan synthesis by interleukin-1 in human articular cartilage.
Treatment of psoriatic arthritis with oral 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3: a pilot study.
Nontropical pyomyositis as a cause of subacute, multifocal myalgia in the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Outbreak of spontaneous staphylococcal arthritis and osteitis in mice.
Quantitative gamma-ray computed tomography of the radius in normal subjects and osteoporotic patients.
L-tryptophan implicated in human eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome causes fasciitis and perimyositis in the Lewis rat.
Isolated congenital stapes ankylosis: surgical results in 32 ears and a review of the literature.
Repetitive strain injuries. How to deal with 'the epidemic of the 1990s'.
Hormone replacement therapy. How to select the best preparation and regimen.
Calvarial sutural abnormalities: metopic synostosis and coronal deformation--an anatomic, three-dimensional radiographic, and pathologic study.
The effect of early fronto-orbital advancement on frontal sinus development and forehead aesthetics.
Arthritis: roles of radiography and other imaging techniques in evaluation.
Association of vertebral end plate fracture with pediatric lumbar intervertebral disk herniation: value of CT and MR imaging.
Focal fibrocartilaginous dysplasia associated with tibia vara.
Rotator cuff lesions: signal patterns at MR imaging.
Cystic rheumatoid arthritis: description of a nonerosive form.
Magnetic resonance imaging and the nonoperative treatment of spinal epidural abscess.
Flurbiprofen versus diclofenac for the treatment of osteoarthritis of the knee.
Lymphoma presenting as a periorbital tumor.
Determinants of vertebral mineral density in patients receiving long-term glucocorticoid therapy.
Muscle involvement in the scleroderma syndromes.
The influence of renal function on diabetic foot ulceration.
The distribution of muscle weakness in upper motoneuron lesions affecting the lower limb.
Capacitive coupling as an adjunctive treatment for avascular necrosis.
Tissue changes around loose prostheses. A canine model to investigate the effects of an antiinflammatory agent.
Cementless total joint arthroplasty prostheses with titanium-alloy articular surfaces. A human retrieval analysis.
Making core decompression work.
The effect of stem stiffness on femoral bone resorption after canine porous-coated total hip arthroplasty.
Acetabular dysplasia in the adolescent and young adult.
Chylothorax after posterior spinal instrumentation and fusion.
Newer concepts in antimicrobial therapy.
Peroneal nerve palsy after total knee arthroplasty.
Risk factors for the development of osteoarthrosis of the knee.
Simplified two-stage below-knee amputation for unsalvageable diabetic foot infections.
Bone fragility of the peripheral skeleton during fluoride therapy for osteoporosis.
Bipolar versus total hip arthroplasty for avascular necrosis of the femoral head. A comparison.
Histologic, biochemical, and ion analysis of tissue and fluids retrieved during total hip arthroplasty.
Perichondral grafting for cartilage lesions of the knee.
Osteotomy for osteoarthritis of the hip. A survivorship analysis.
Intra-osseous pressure and oxygen tension in avascular necrosis and osteoarthritis of the hip.
Biomechanics of a double prosthetic ligament in the anterior cruciate deficient knee.
Development of the hip in multiple epiphyseal dysplasia. Natural history and susceptibility to premature osteoarthritis.
Failed acromioplasty for impingement syndrome.
Bone lysis in well-fixed cemented femoral components.
Localised endosteal bone lysis in relation to the femoral components of cemented total hip arthroplasties.
Macrophages stimulate bone resorption when they phagocytose particles.
Tissue-expanded radial forearm free flap in neck burn contracture.
Hearing loss due to cranio-metaphysial dysplasia.
Magnetic and electrical stimulation of cervical motor roots: technique, site and mechanisms of excitation.
Rigid spine syndrome with respiratory failure.
Sexually transmitted arthritis syndromes.
Asymptomatic rhabdomyolysis of unknown etiology.
Epiretinal membrane contracture associated with macular prolapse.
Effects of 2% lignocaine on somatosensory evoked potentials recorded in the extradural space.
The presence of autoantibody to recombinant lipocortin-I in patients with psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis.
Aerobic work capacity in patients with chronic fatigue syndrome
Orbital compartment syndrome. Direct measurement of orbital tissue pressure: 1. Technique.
Effects of a multidisciplinary management program on neurologically impaired patients with dysphagia.
The effects of parathyroid hormone (PTH) and PTH-related peptide on osteoclast resorption of bone slices in vitro: an analysis of pit size and the resorption focus.
Squamous cell carcinomas often produce more than a single bone resorption-stimulating factor: role of interleukin-1 alpha*.
Congenital abnormalities of the lymphatic system: a new clinical classification.
Biomechanics of mammalian terrestrial locomotion.
Physician documentation of diabetes care: use of a diabetes flow sheet and patient education clinic.
Sternoclavicular septic arthritis due to haemophilus influenzae.
Eosinophilic granuloma of the cervical spine. A case report and review of the literature.
Avascular necrosis of bone: a common serious complication of allogeneic bone marrow transplantation.
Reconstruction of the anterior cruciate ligament using allogeneic tendon. Long-term followup.
Shoulder arthroscopy: its role in evaluating shoulder disorders in the athlete.
Incidence of cervical spinal stenosis in professional and rookie football players.
Peripheral neuropathy associated with eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-associated myopathy: immunocytochemical identification of an HIV antigen (gp 41) in muscle macrophages.
Effect of a pulsing electromagnetic field on metabolically derived osteoporosis in rats: a pilot study.
Prerandomization: an alternative to classic randomization. The effects on recruitment in a controlled trial of arthroscopy for osteoarthrosis of the knee.
Open fractures of the tibia in children.
Total hip arthroplasty with cement. A long-term radiographic analysis in patients who are older than fifty and younger than fifty years.
Hazards of internal fixation in the treatment of slipped capital femoral epiphysis.
Osteoarthrosis and congenital dysplasia of the hip in family members of children who have congenital dysplasia of the hip [published erratum appears in J Bone Joint Surg [Am] 1991 Feb;73(2):293]
Failure of acetabular autogenous grafts in total hip arthroplasty. Increasing incidence: a follow-up note.
The molecular basis of hereditary 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3 resistant rickets in seven related families.
Serum uric acid correlates in elderly men and women with special reference to body composition and dietary intake (Dutch Nutrition Surveillance System).
Examination by logistic regression modelling of the variables which increase the relative risk of elderly women falling compared to elderly men.
Joint inflammation provoked by a local synovial allergic reaction.
Adherent synovial cells from nonrheumatoid arthritis do not release interleukin 1 beta and prostaglandin E2 spontaneously in longterm culture.
Incidence of polymyositis-dermatomyositis: a 20-year study of hospital diagnosed cases in Allegheny County, PA 1963-1982.
Prevention of a false diagnosis of sexually acquired reactive arthritis by synovial lymphocyte responses.
Restricted dose and duration of corticosteroid treatment in patients with polymyalgia rheumatica and temporal arteritis.
Pyogenic sacroiliitis in a rural population.
Synthesis and release of phospholipase A2 by unstimulated human articular chondrocytes.
Sternocostoclavicular hyperostosis: two cases with differing dermatologic syndromes.
Yersinia enterocolitica tenosynovitis. The first case.
Septic Streptococcus milleri spondylodiscitis.
Large cell orbital lymphoma in a patient with acquired immune deficiency syndrome. Case report and review
A new dynamic lumbrical simulating splint for claw hand deformity.
Hemodialysis-related amyloidomas of bone.
Occult posttraumatic osteochondral lesions of the knee: prevalence, classification, and short-term sequelae evaluated with MR imaging.
Primary bone tumours of the thoracic skeleton: an audit of the Leeds regional bone tumour registry.
Eosinophilic granuloma of the lung presenting as a solitary pulmonary nodule.
Traumatic synovitis analysed by arthroscopy and immunohistopathology.
Intestinal flora of patients with rheumatoid arthritis: induction of chronic arthritis in rats by cell wall fragments from isolated Eubacterium aerofaciens strains.
Post-traumatic osteoarthritis--a medico-legal minefield.
Remitting seronegative symmetrical synovitis with pitting oedema in young adults: a subset of rheumatoid arthritis or a distinct syndrome?
Natural and recombinant human IL-1 receptor antagonists block the effects of IL-1 on bone resorption and prostaglandin production.
Basilar impression in osteogenesis imperfecta tarda. Case report.
Septic hip in pelvic fracture with urologic trauma: case report.
The operative management of basilar impression in osteogenesis imperfecta.
Cryptic osteoid osteoma of the cranium: case report.
Disorders of calcium and phosphorus homeostasis.
Microcomputer reconstruction for analysis of spinal deformity and lung volume in hypokyphotic scoliosis.
Cobb angle versus spinous process angle in adolescent idiopathic scoliosis. The relationship of the anterior and posterior deformities.
Digital radiography can reduce scoliosis x-ray exposure.
Results of treatment of idiopathic scoliosis with the Charleston bending orthosis.
Surface electrical stimulation versus brace in treatment of idiopathic scoliosis.
Influence of bone mineral density on the fixation of thoracolumbar implants. A comparative study of transpedicular screws, laminar hooks, and spinous process wires.
The use of fibrin sealant to reduce blood loss during Cotrel-Dubousset instrumentation for idiopathic scoliosis.
Fusion levels and hook patterns in thoracic scoliosis with Cotrel-Dubousset instrumentation.
Sagittal plane analysis in idiopathic scoliosis patients treated with Cotrel-Dubousset instrumentation.
Decompensation after Cotrel-Dubousset instrumentation of idiopathic scoliosis.
Immediate complications of Cotrel-Dubousset instrumentation to the sacro-pelvis. A clinical and biomechanical study.
Surgical treatment of scoliosis in a spinal muscular atrophy population.
Combined anterior and posterior fusion for spinal deformity in myelomeningocele.
Delayed anterior decompression in patients with spinal cord and cauda equina injuries of the thoracolumbar spine.
Factors affecting fusion rate in adult spondylolisthesis.
Normal dystrophin in McLeod myopathy.
Clinical and pathologic studies of twenty-six patients with penetrating foreign body injury to the joints, bursae, and tendon sheaths.
Magnetic resonance imaging of sacroiliac joint inflammation.
Yersinia enterocolitica in the synovial membrane of patients with Yersinia-induced arthritis.
Chondrons from articular cartilage. III. Morphologic changes in the cellular microenvironment of chondrons isolated from osteoarthritic cartilage.
Progression of osteoarthritis of the hand and metacarpal bone loss. A twenty-year followup of incident cases.
Suppression of type II collagen-induced arthritis by monoclonal antibodies.
Double-blind, placebo-controlled study of three-month treatment with lymecycline in reactive arthritis, with special reference to Chlamydia arthritis.
Induction of arthritis in rats by aqueous suspensions of mycobacteria without the use of oil.
Septic arthritis of the C1-C2 lateral facet joint and torticollis: pseudo-Grisel's syndrome.
Application of the polymerase chain reaction and immunofluorescence techniques to the detection of bacteria in Yersinia-triggered reactive arthritis.
Complete heart block and severe aortic incompetence in relapsing polychondritis: clinicopathologic findings.
Tired, weak, or in need of rest: fatigue among general practice attenders
Effects of radiation therapy on skeletal growth in childhood.
Osteolytic monostotic Paget's disease of the fifth lumbar vertebra. A case report.
Scapular allografts. A report of two cases.
Nonhemophilic hemosiderotic synovitis of the shoulder. A case report.
Tuberculous tenosynovitis of the wrist. Two case reports.
Extensor tendon rupture after osteoarthrosis of the wrist associated with nonrheumatoid positive ulnar variance.
Growth disturbance in Legg-Calve-Perthes disease and the consequences of surgical treatment.
Bilateral femoral retroversion associated with acetabular dysplasia. A case report.
Total hip arthroplasty in ankylosing spondylitis.
The appearance of the piriformis muscle syndrome in computed tomography and magnetic resonance imaging. A case report and review of the literature.
Long-term results of posterior release surgery for severe flexion contracture of the knee in patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
Autograft versus allograft for benign lesions in children.
Simple bone cysts. The effects of methylprednisolone on synovial cells in culture.
Acute eosinophilic pulmonary disease associated with the ingestion of L-tryptophan-containing products.
Bowel dysfunction in fibromyalgia syndrome.
Metabolic and health complications of obesity.
Apolipoprotein (apo) E inhibits the capacity of monosodium urate crystals to stimulate neutrophils. Characterization of intraarticular apo E and demonstration of apo E binding to urate crystals in vivo.
Cartilage expression of a type II collagen mutation in an inherited form of osteoarthritis associated with a mild chondrodysplasia.
The neuromuscular pathology of the Eosinophilia-Myalgia syndrome.
A preliminary report of arthroscopic findings following acute condylar trauma
A report of fluorosis in the United States secondary to drinking well water.
In vivo muscle magnetic resonance spectroscopy in the clinical investigation of mitochondrial disease.
Centronuclear myopathy heterogeneity: distinction of clinical types by myosin isoform patterns.
The effect of spine fusion on respiratory function in Duchenne muscular dystrophy.
Magnetic stimulation of the motor cortex in cervical spondylosis.
Clinical evaluation of the ITI (F-type) hollow cylinder implant.
Massive osteolysis of the maxillofacial bones. Report of two cases.
Coronoid process elongation in rhesus monkeys (Macaca mulatta) after experimentally induced mandibular hypomobility. A cephalometric and histologic study.
African Burkitt's lymphoma: case report and light and electron microscopic findings.
The role of an autoantigen, histidyl-tRNA synthetase, in the induction and maintenance of autoimmunity.
Skeletal manifestations of ectopic or inappropriate endocrine and metabolic syndromes.
Radiologic manifestations in the musculoskeletal system of miscellaneous endocrine disorders.
Inherited diseases of bone density in children.
Metabolic bone disease. Morphometry.
The pathology of metabolic bone disease.
Radiographic appearance of osteopenia.
Osteoporosis. Current techniques and recent developments in quantitative bone densitometry.
Osteoporosis.
Hyperparathyroidism.
Rickets and osteomalacia are still around.
Motor-evoked potentials in patients with cervical spine disorders.
The neurologic workup in patients with cervical spine disorders.
Anterior cervical discectomy and fusion.
Surgical management of cervical soft disc herniation. A comparison between the anterior and posterior approach.
Functional stability of the canine cervical spine after injury. A three-month in vivo study.
Evaluation of current extrication orthoses in immobilization of the unstable cervical spine.
Anterior cervical plate fixation with the titanium hollow screw plate system. A preliminary report.
Recurrent childhood myoglobinuria.
Acute osteomyelitis in children. Reassessment of etiologic agents and their clinical characteristics.
Pneumococcal osteomyelitis and arthritis in children. A hospital series and literature review.
Neural arch stenosis and spinal cord injury in thanatophoric dysplasia.
Pearson syndrome and mitochondrial encephalomyopathy in a patient with a deletion of mtDNA.
Analysis of the chondroitin sulfate proteoglycan core protein (CSPGCP) gene in achondroplasia and pseudoachondroplasia.
Multiple orbital tumors were cavernous hemangiomas.
Acute rheumatic fever in West Virginia. Not just a disease of children.
Treatment of flexor tenosynovitis of the hand ('trigger finger') with corticosteroids. A prospective study of the response to local injection.
Gonococcal osteomyelitis. Case report and review of the literature.
Expanded Clinical Evaluation of Lovastatin (EXCEL) study results. I. Efficacy in modifying plasma lipoproteins and adverse event profile in 8245 patients with moderate hypercholesterolemia
Muscle conditioning in late poliomyelitis.
Corticosteroid injections in adhesive capsulitis: investigation of their value and site.
Open depressed skull fracture missed on computed tomography: a case report.
Topical treatment of necrotic foot ulcers in diabetic patients: a comparative trial of DuoDerm and MeZinc.
Reduction of graft failure by a monoclonal antibody (anti-LFA-1 CD11a) after HLA nonidentical bone marrow transplantation in children with immunodeficiencies, osteopetrosis, and Fanconi's anemia: a European Group for Immunodeficiency/European Group for Bone Marrow Transplantation report.
Cytogenetic evidence of clonality in a case of pigmented villonodular synovitis.
Chondrosarcomas of the synovium.
Late effects of treatment for Wilms' tumor. A report from the National Wilms' Tumor Study Group.
Multidisciplinary treatment of primary orbital rhabdomyosarcoma. A single-institution experience.
Bracing for patellar instability.
T-plasty modification of the Bankart procedure for multidirectional instability of the anterior and inferior types.
Familial predisposition for herniation of a lumbar disc in patients who are less than twenty-one years old.
Magnetic resonance imaging of the shoulder. Sensitivity, specificity, and predictive value.
Tests for posterolateral instability of the knee in normal subjects. Results of examination under anesthesia.
Skeletal involvement in children who have chronic granulomatous disease.
Posterior transfer of the adductors in children who have cerebral palsy. A long-term study.
Deformities of the hip in adults who have sickle-cell disease and had avascular necrosis in childhood. A natural history of fifty-two patients.
Systemic mastocytosis presenting as osteoporosis: a clinical and histomorphometric study.
Effect of a single infusion of aminohydroxypropylidene on calcium and bone metabolism in healthy volunteers monitored during 2 months.
Osteomalacia in hereditary hypophosphatemic rickets with hypercalciuria: a correlative clinical-histomorphometric study.
Spinal epidural abscess: an unusual complication of a duodenal ulcer.
Estrogen and progestin therapy to prevent osteoporosis: attitudes and practices of general internists and gynecologists.
Impairment of specific host defense mechanisms in patients with chronic post-traumatic osteomyelitis.
Schwartz-Jampel syndrome with dominant inheritance.
Polymyositis, pulmonary fibrosis and autoantibodies to aminoacyl-tRNA synthetase enzymes.
Dialysis arthropathy: a clinical, biochemical, radiological and histological study of 36 patients.
Clinical value of magnetic resonance imaging for cervical myelopathy.
Motion analysis of the cervical spine in athetoid cerebral palsy. Extension-flexion motion.
Identification of alpha-motor nerve fiber potentials in lumbar epidural space and its clinical significance.
Pathomechanism, pathogenesis, and results of treatment in cervical spondylotic myelopathy caused by dynamic canal stenosis.
Problems and solutions of pedicle screw plate fixation of lumbar spine.
Magnetic resonance imaging of lumbar disc herniation. Comparison with myelography.
Ultrasonic level diagnosis of lumbar disc herniation.
The system and procedures of percutaneous intradiscal laser nucleotomy.
Postoperative lumbar spinal instability occurring or progressing secondary to laminectomy.
Unstable lumbar spine without hypermobility in postlaminectomy cases. Mechanism of symptoms and effect of spinal fusion with and without spinal instrumentation.
Lumbar trapezoid plate for lumbar spondylolisthesis. A clinical study on preoperative and postoperative instability.
Natural history of degenerative spondylolisthesis. Pathogenesis and natural course of the slippage.
Long-term results of anterior interbody fusion for treatment of degenerative spondylolisthesis.
Clinical study on stability of combined distraction and compression rod instrumentation with posterolateral fusion for unstable degenerative spondylolisthesis.
Eosinophilic granuloma of bladder.
Congenital monomelic hypertrophy with progressive myopathy.
The relationship of complement-mediated microvasculopathy to the histologic features and clinical duration of disease in dermatomyositis
Focal myositis. A new cause for the pediatric neck mass.
Surgical treatment of internal derangements of the temporomandibular joint. A long-term study.
Computed tomographic assessment of old calcaneal fractures.
Magnetic resonance imaging of primary skeletal muscle diseases: patterns of distribution and severity of involvement.
Identification of osteoclast precursors in multilineage hemopoietic colonies.
High concentrations of 17 beta-estradiol stimulate trabecular bone formation in adult female rats.
Elevated expression of the genes for transforming growth factor-beta 1 and type VI collagen in diffuse fasciitis associated with the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Diagnostic utility of lower extremity radiographs of young children with gait disturbance.
Psychological characteristics of children with Shwachman syndrome.
Early antibiotic treatment of reactive arthritis associated with enteric infections: clinical and serological study.
Effect of thiazide on rates of bone mineral loss: a longitudinal study [published erratum appears in BMJ 1991 Jan 26;302(6770):18]
Cutaneous manifestations of the L-tryptophan-associated eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome: a spectrum of sclerodermatous skin disease.
Central corpectomy for cervical spondylotic myelopathy: a consecutive series with long-term follow-up evaluation.
The interspinous method of posterior atlantoaxial arthrodesis.
Orbital rim and malar advancement for unilateral coronal synostosis in the older pediatric age group.
Indium-111-chloride and three-phase bone scintigraphy: a comparison for imaging experimental osteomyelitis.
Methotrexate-nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drug interaction in children with arthritis.
Some osseous and soft tissue causes of human intervertebral canal (foramen) stenosis.
HLA class II and T cell receptor gene polymorphisms in psoriatic arthritis and psoriasis.
Macroscopic and microscopic gut lesions in seronegative spondyloarthropathies.
Differential diagnosis between osteitis condensans ilii and sacroiliitis [published erratum appears in J Rheumatol 1991 May;18(5):790]
Relapsing polychondritis in pregnancy.
L-tryptophan induced eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome associated with L-tryptophan use.
Microangiopathy in the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
An eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome associated with an L-tryptophan containing product.
Eosinophilic myositis an expression of L-tryptophan toxicity?
Eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome in association with L-tryptophan ingestion.
L-tryptophan associated eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
A useful technique for measurement of back strength in osteoporotic and elderly patients.
Giant intradiploic epidermoid tumor of the occipital bone: case report.
Occult, bilateral anterior sacral and intrasacral meningeal and perineurial cysts: case report and review of the literature.
Methods of treating plantar ulcers.
Restoration of the anterior neck surface in the burned patient by free groin flap.
Trigger finger secondary to anomalous lumbrical insertion: a case report and review of the literature.
Pulmonary involvement in the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Reviewing the unicystic ameloblastoma: report of two cases.
Infectious mononucleosis, Epstein-Barr virus, and chronic fatigue syndrome: a prospective case series
Evaluation of ultrasound in the diagnosis of pathologic processes in the parotid gland.
Arthroscopic treatment of temporomandibular joint locking resulting from disc derangement: two-year results.
Extracranial and mandibular augmentation with hydroxyapatite-collagen in induced diabetic and nondiabetic rats [published erratum appears in J Oral Maxillofac Surg 1991 Jun;49(6):669]
Internal derangement of the temporomandibular joint: a histochemical study.
Drugs to lower uric acid levels. How to avoid misuse in gouty arthritis.
Chronic fatigue syndrome: is it real?
Musculoskeletal abnormalities in a patient with juvenile hypothyroidism.
Laboratory tests for rheumatic diseases.
Recurrent rhabdomyolysis in association with cocaine use.
Deep venous thrombosis in intravenous cocaine abuse mimicking septic arthritis of the shoulder.
Spinal cord compression due to pagetic spinal stenosis with involvement of extradural soft tissues: a case report.
The painful shoulder: Part II. Intrinsic disorders and impingement syndrome.
Association of Treacher Collins syndrome and translocation 6p21.31/16p13.11: exclusion of the locus from these candidate regions.
Predictability of difficult laryngoscopy in patients with long-term diabetes mellitus.
Eosinophilic fasciitis associated with tryptophan ingestion. A manifestation of eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Ichthyosis, exocrine pancreatic insufficiency, impaired neutrophil chemotaxis, growth retardation, and metaphyseal dysplasia (Shwachman syndrome). Report of a case with extensive skin lesions (clinical, histological, and ultrastructural findings).
Corticosteroid-induced juxta-articular adiposis dolorosa.
Fatigue in postpolio syndrome.
Psychosocial, functional, and quality of life assessment of patients with posttraumatic fracture nonunion, chronic refractory osteomyelitis, and lower extremity amputation.
Histopathology of metastatic temporal bone tumors.
Familial chondrocalcinosis due to calcium pyrophosphate dihydrate crystal deposition in English families.
Septic arthritis as a non-surgical complication in rheumatoid arthritis: relation to disease severity and therapy.
Immunogenetic heterogeneity in rheumatoid disease as illustrated by different MHC associations (DQ, Dw and C4) in articular and extra-articular subsets.
Ultrasound-guided hepatic cryosurgery in the treatment of metastatic colon carcinoma. Preliminary results.
Effects of inosine on glycolysis and contracture during myocardial ischemia.
Relationship of limited joint mobility to abnormal foot pressures and diabetic foot ulceration.
Brucellar and tuberculous spondylitis. A comparative study of their clinical features.
Spinal instability secondary to metastatic cancer.
Dislocation after primary arthroplasty for subcapital fracture of the hip. Wide range of movement is a risk factor.
Ten-year results of operations for rheumatoid cervical spine disorders.
Surgical treatment of double major scoliosis. Improvement of the lumbar curve after fusion of the thoracic curve.
Tarsal tunnel syndrome. Causes and results of operative treatment.
Treatment of Freiberg's disease. A new operative technique.
Transarticular fixation for severely displaced supracondylar fractures in children.
Bone lesions secondary to benign phaeochromocytoma. Four cases in childhood.
Pseudo-abscess of the psoas bursa in failed double-cup arthroplasty of the hip.
Correction of coxa vara in childhood. The use of Pauwels' Y-shaped osteotomy.
Joint proprioception in normal, osteoarthritic and replaced knees.
Natural history of nontraumatic avascular necrosis of the femoral head.
Long-term results of the Evans procedure for lateral instability of the ankle.
Effect of menopause and hormone replacement therapy on the urinary excretion of pyridinium cross-links.
The course of biochemical parameters of bone turnover during treatment with corticosteroids.
Correlation between serum osteocalcin and 24,25-dihydroxyvitamin D levels in Paget's disease of bone.
Ureaplasma urealyticum chronic osteomyelitis in a patient with hypogammaglobulinemia.
Hyposomatomedinemia in men with post-poliomyelitis syndrome.
Haemangiopericytoma of the temporal bone.
Effect of aortic sclerosis on bone mineral measurements by dual-photon absorptiometry.
Isolated muscular sarcoidosis causing fever of unknown origin: the value of gallium-67 imaging.
Gallium uptake in tryptophan-related pulmonary disease.
Aluminum accumulation during treatment with aluminum hydroxide and dialysis in children and young adults with chronic renal disease
Eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome associated with ingestion of L-tryptophan: muscle biopsy findings in 4 patients.
The "numb cheek-limp lower lid" syndrome.
Stimulation of dorsal root ganglia and degradation of rabbit annulus fibrosus.
Coexistence of cervical and lumbar disc disease.
Pyogenic spinal sepsis in adults.
Scoliosis in trisomy 18.
Nighttime bracing for adolescent idiopathic scoliosis with the Charleston bending brace. Preliminary report.
Analysis of sagittal plane instability of the lumbar spine in vivo.
Spinal rehabilitation by work tolerance based on objective physical capacity assessment of dysfunction. A prospective study with control subjects and twelve-month review.
Analysis of spinal and muscular activity during flexion/extension and free lifts.
Lumbar isthmic spondylolisthesis in children and adolescents. Radiologic evaluation and results of operative treatment.
Knodt rod distraction instrumentation in lumbosacral arthrodesis.
Vascular and nonvascular expression of INCAM-110. A target for mononuclear leukocyte adhesion in normal and inflamed human tissues.
Stapes surgery in osteogenesis imperfecta: analysis of postoperative hearing loss.
Skull base malignancy following long-term sinus mucocele and osteomyelitis.
Serum levels of bone Gla-protein in inhabitants exposed to environmental cadmium.
Lipomatous hamartoma of the orbit.
Microscopically assisted posterior lumbar interbody fusion.
The role of the supraspinatus and infraspinatus muscles in glenohumeral kinematics of anterior should instability.
Local antibiotic delivery in the treatment of bone and joint infections.
Periprosthetic chronic inflammation characterized through the measurement of superoxide anion production by synovial-derived macrophages.
A histologic and immunohistochemical study of calcium pyrophosphate dihydrate crystal deposition disease.
Hereditary internal anal sphincter myopathy causing proctalgia fugax and constipation. A newly identified condition.
Familial cervical dysplasia.
The role of venous hypertension in the pathogenesis of Legg-Perthes disease. A clinical and experimental study.
Treatment of de Quervain tenosynovitis. A prospective study of the results of injection of steroids and immobilization in a splint.
Management of pseudarthrosis after arthrodesis of the spine for idiopathic scoliosis.
Valgus deformities of the feet and characteristics of gait in patients who have rheumatoid arthritis.
Cardiac arrest during hip arthroplasty with a cemented long-stem component. A report of seven cases.
Reconstruction of the chronically insufficient anterior cruciate ligament with the central third of the patellar ligament.
Contracturing granulomatous myositis: a separate entity.
Juvenile intervertebral disc calcification: recognition, management, and pathogenesis.
The Caspar microsurgical discectomy and comparison with a conventional standard lumbar disc procedure.
Tibial collateral ligament bursa: MR imaging.
Mycetoma: comparison of MR imaging with CT.
Deposition of calcium pyrophosphate dihydrate crystals in the ligamentum flavum: evaluation with MR imaging and CT.
Anterior tibial translation during a maximum quadriceps contraction: is it clinically significant?
The contribution of the glenohumeral ligaments to anterior stability of the shoulder joint.
A prospective, randomized study of three surgical techniques for treatment of acute ruptures of the anterior cruciate ligament.
Postarthroscopy analgesia with bupivacaine. A prospective, randomized, blinded evaluation.
Intestinal permeability in patients with chronic urticaria-angioedema with and without arthralgia.
Lyme disease: recommendations for diagnosis and treatment
Mineral balance in infantile cortical hyperostosis: effects of corticosteroids.
Persistence of monosodium urate crystals and low-grade inflammation in the synovial fluid of patients with untreated gout.
Synovial membrane histology and immunopathology in rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis. In vivo effects of antirheumatic drugs.
Spontaneous degenerative polyarthritis in male New Zealand black/KN mice.
Down-regulation of adoptive adjuvant-induced arthritis by suppressor factor(s).
Prevalence of angioid streaks and other ocular complications of Paget's disease of bone.
Magnetic resonance imaging of the head and spine: effective for the clinician or the patient?
Antibody to Coxsackie B virus in diagnosing postviral fatigue syndrome
Clinical screening for collagen defects in connective tissue diseases.
Impaired exercise capacity in adults with moderate scoliosis.
Hypercapnic respiratory failure due to L-tryptophan-induced eosinophilic polymyositis.
Hypertrophic osteoarthropathy in association with pulmonary tuberculosis.
Risk factors for disability among U.S. adults with arthritis.
Reconstruction of the severely atrophic edentulous mandible by means of autogenous bone grafts and simultaneous placement of osseointegrated implants.
Bone resorption, stability, and soft-tissue changes following large chin advancements.
Long-term follow-up of the use of nonporous hydroxyapatite for augmentation of the alveolar ridge.
Nasopalatine duct cyst: an analysis of 334 cases.
The clinical course of osteoporosis in anorexia nervosa. A longitudinal study of cortical bone mass.
Hydrocephalus: overdrainage by ventricular shunts. A review and recommendations.
Papillary carcinoma of thyroid with exuberant nodular fasciitis-like stroma. Report of three cases.
Serum enzyme alterations in chronic muscle disease. A biopsy-based diagnostic assessment.
Hypercalciuria in parathyroid disorders: effect of dietary sodium control.
Flexion-extension views in the evaluation of cervical-spine injuries.
Incidence of cocaine-associated rhabdomyolysis.
Application technique of Cotrel-Dubousset instrumentation for scoliosis deformities.
Minor anatomic abnormalities of the hip joint persisting from childhood and their possible relationship to idiopathic osteoarthrosis.
Radiocolloids in the management of hemophilic arthropathy in children and adolescents.
Congenital anomalies of the cervical spine.
Osteoarthrosis retards the development of osteoporosis. Observation of the coexistence of osteoarthrosis and osteoporosis.
Analysis of 61 cases of vertebral osteomyelitis.
A test for knee posterolateral rotatory instability.
Knee function after surgical or nonsurgical treatment of acute rupture of the anterior cruciate ligament: a randomized study with a long-term follow-up period.
Fractional lengthening of the flexor tendons in clubfoot surgery.
Experimental diabetes, insulin treatment, and femoral neck morphology and biomechanics in rats.
Histochemical localization of calcium with potassium pyroantimonate in the articular tissues in calcium pyrophosphate dihydrate crystal deposition disease.
A method of assessment of the clubfoot deformity.
The management of chronic osteomyelitis.
A perspective on recent trends for scoliosis correction.
Recovery from osteopenia in adolescent girls with anorexia nervosa.
Levels of disability among U.S. adults with arthritis.
Microheterogeneity of acute phase proteins in the differentiation of polymyalgia rheumatica from polymyositis.
HIV associated arthropathy: HIV antigen demonstration in the synovial membrane.
Fibromyalgia in human immunodeficiency virus infection.
A prospective double blind dummy placebo controlled study comparing triamcinolone hexacetonide injection with oral diclofenac 50 mg TDS in patients with rotator cuff tendinitis.
Growth promoting peptides in osteoarthritis: insulin, insulin-like growth factor-1, growth hormone.
Septic arthritis due to group C streptococcus: report and review of the literature.
Septic olecranon bursitis caused by Neisseria sicca.
Recurrent calcific periarthritis, erosive osteoarthritis and hypophosphatasia: a family study.
Magnetic resonance imaging in the preoperative evaluation of cervical radiculopathy.
Asymptomatic versus symptomatic herniated thoracic discs: their frequency and characteristics as detected by computed tomography after myelography.
Spinal Charcot arthropathy.
Pott's puffy tumor: a complication of frontal sinusitis.
Free-tissue transfers for limb salvage utilizing in situ saphenous vein bypass conduit as the inflow.
Composite reconstruction for chest wall and scalp using multiple ribs-latissimus dorsi osteomyocutaneous flaps as pedicled and free flaps.
Radiographic manifestations of congenital anomalies of the skull.
Radiographic manifestations of anomalies of the limbs.
Mild spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia (Namaqualand type): genetic linkage to the type II collagen gene COL2A1.
Carcinosarcoma of the lung with hypertrophic pulmonary osteoarthropathy.
Quantitative gait analysis in unilateral and bilateral total hip replacements.
Indomethacin inhibition of middle ear bone resorption.
Muscle performance, voluntary activation, twitch properties and perceived effort in normal subjects and patients with the chronic fatigue syndrome.
Variable phosphate-mediated regulation of vitamin D metabolism in the murine hypophosphatemic rachitic/osteomalacic disorders.
Differential regulation of insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) and IGF-II release from cultured neonatal mouse calvaria by parathyroid hormone, transforming growth factor-beta, and 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3.
Cyclosporin-A in vitro decreases bone resorption, osteoclast formation, and the fusion of cells of the monocyte-macrophage lineage.
Recurrent nonsense mutations in the growth hormone receptor from patients with Laron dwarfism.
Transforming growth factor beta 1 suppresses acute and chronic arthritis in experimental animals.
Unusual presentation of squamous cell carcinoma of the middle ear and mastoid.
Cauda equina syndrome associated with multiple lumbar arachnoid cysts in ankylosing spondylitis: improvement following surgical therapy.
Characteristics of respondents and nonrespondents in a prospective study of osteoporosis.
Depletion of muscle mitochondrial DNA in AIDS patients with zidovudine-induced myopathy.
Intracranial complications of paranasal sinusitis: a combined institutional review.
Chronic musculoskeletal pain and depressive symptoms in the general population. An analysis of the 1st National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey data.
Codeine plus paracetamol versus paracetamol in longer-term treatment of chronic pain due to osteoarthritis of the hip. A randomised, double-blind, multi-centre study.
Nursing management of the adolescent with idiopathic scoliosis.
Diagnosis and treatment of shoulder injuries in the athlete.
The foot and footwear.
That old hip. The osteoporosis process.
Spinal stenosis. When arthritis is more than arthritis!
Charcot's disease in diabetic patients. Correct diagnosis can prevent progressive deformity.
Scalp pilomatrix carcinoma as an extra-axial mass.
Postanginal sepsis with dysphagia.
Management of symptomatic lymphocele via percutaneous drainage and sclerotherapy with tetracycline.
Hypercalcemia in malignancy.
Extremely low serum pyridoxal 5'-phosphate in children with familial hypophosphatemic rickets.
45,X/46,X dic (Y) mosaicism in a phenotypic male.
Eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome. A clinical case series of 21 patients. New Mexico Eosinophilia-Myalgia Syndrome Study Group.
Low-dose heparin. A cause of hematoma of rectus abdominis.
Melioidosis. Forgotten, but not gone!
Heterotopic supradiaphragmatic liver formation in association with congenital cardiac anomalies.
Treatment of cervical spondylotic myelopathy by enlargement of the spinal canal anteriorly, followed by arthrodesis.
Radiographic assessment of instability of the knee due to rupture of the anterior cruciate ligament. A quadriceps-contraction technique.
Radial shortening for Kienbock disease.
Survivorship analysis of total knee arthroplasty. Cumulative rates of survival of 9200 total knee arthroplasties.
Ipsilateral fractures of the femur and tibia in children and adolescents.
Posterolateral rotatory instability of the elbow.
The prevalence of osteoporosis risk factors and physician intervention
Rhabdomyolysis and renal failure following a wolf attack: case report.
Imaging of dialysis-related amyloid (AB-amyloid) deposits with 131I-beta 2-microglobulin.
Stiff-man syndrome.
Anterior lingual mandibular salivary gland defect. Evaluation of twenty-four cases.
Chondrosarcoma of the jaws: clinical findings, histopathology, and treatment.
Osteomyelitis of the mandible in a patient with dysosteosclerosis. Report of a case.
Extensive aneurysmal bone cyst of the mandible: surgical resection and immediate reconstruction. A case report.
Congenital dermoid fistula of the lower lip.
Lymph node metastasis in spindle cell carcinoma arising in odontogenic cyst. Report of a case.
A technique for evaluating bony changes in the anterior edentulous maxilla: a modification of a cephalometric analysis.
Intradiscal invasion of Paget's disease of the spine.
Anterior decompression and stabilization of thoracolumbar burst fractures by the use of the Slot-Zielke device.
Idiopathic scoliosis and asymmetry of form and function.
The effect of an exercise program on vital capacity and rib mobility in patients with idiopathic scoliosis.
Respiratory deficiency in experimental idiopathic scoliosis.
Osteomyelitis of the talus: an unusual cause of limping in childhood.
Rheumatic symptoms and human immunodeficiency virus infection. The influence of clinical and laboratory variables in a longitudinal cohort study.
In vivo leukocyte migration in arthritis.
A double-blind study of deflazacort and prednisone in patients with chronic inflammatory disorders.
Amelioration of lapine osteoarthritis by treatment with glycosaminoglycan-peptide association complex (Rumalon).
Epidemiologic and immunogenetic aspects of polymyalgia rheumatica and giant cell arteritis in northern Italy.
Hip arthropathy in genetic hemochromatosis. Radiographic and histologic features.
Motor reorganization after upper limb amputation in man. A study with focal magnetic stimulation.
Deficiency of osteoclasts in osteopetrotic mice is due to a defect in the local microenvironment provided by osteoblastic cells.
Growth hormone and insulin-like growth factor I treatment increase testicular luteinizing hormone receptors and steroidogenic responsiveness of growth hormone deficient dwarf mice.
Passive immunization against insulin-like growth factor-I does not inhibit growth hormone-stimulated growth of dwarf rats.
Surgical treatment of the flail knee after poliomyelitis.
Flexion osteotomy of the femur for genu recurvatum after poliomyelitis.
Tibial torsion measured by ultrasound in children with talipes equinovarus.
Sequential magnetic resonance imaging in Perthes' disease.
Chiari's osteotomy in the treatment of Perthes' disease.
Chiari pelvic osteotomy for osteoarthritis secondary to hip dysplasia. Indications and long-term results.
Treatment of osteonecrosis of the femoral head by drilling and muscle-pedicle bone grafting.
A bioabsorbable delivery system for antibiotic treatment of osteomyelitis. The use of lactic acid oligomer as a carrier.
The snapping hip. Treatment by Z-plasty.
Sagittal plane laxity following knee arthroplasty.
Musculoskeletal manifestations of amyloidosis. A review of 83 patients on haemodialysis for at least 10 years.
The shoulder in multiple epiphyseal dysplasia.
Acute compartment syndrome. Effect of dermotomy on fascial decompression in the leg.
Lack of bone accretion and amenorrhea: evidence for a relative osteopenia in weight-bearing bones.
The prevalence and nature of podiatric problems in elderly diabetic patients.
The central (intraosseous) calcifying odontogenic cyst: an analysis of 215 cases.
Evaluation of antibiotic-supplemented bone allograft in a rabbit model.
Acute arsenical myopathy: morphological description.
Spinal coning after lumbar puncture in prostate cancer with asymptomatic vertebral metastasis: a case report.
Red blood cell magnesium and chronic fatigue syndrome
Visuospatial impairment in Parkinson's disease.
Puppet-like syndrome of Angelman: a pathologic and neurochemical study.
Cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis: treatments with simvastatin, lovastatin, and chenodeoxycholic acid in 3 siblings.
Orbit, skull base, and pharynx: contrast-enhanced fat suppression MR imaging.
Legg-Calve-Perthes disease: imaging with MR.
Lovastatin use and muscle damage in healthy volunteers undergoing eccentric muscle exercise.
Adverse treatment effects in the trial of the European Working Party on High Blood Pressure in the Elderly.
The determinants and prognostic significance of serum uric acid in elderly patients of the European Working Party on High Blood Pressure in the Elderly trial.
One hundred percent incidence of hemidiaphragmatic paresis associated with interscalene brachial plexus anesthesia as diagnosed by ultrasonography.
Downslope claudication in eosinophilic fasciitis: a fourth type of claudication--case presentations.
Strabismus caused by melanoma metastatic to an extraocular muscle.
Normal peroxisomal function and absent skeletal manifestations in Conradi-Hunermann syndrome.
Radionuclide imaging in otolaryngology-head and neck surgery.
Primary adenocarcinoma of the temporal bone. A case with 40-year follow-up.
L-tryptophan use and the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Lack of association between keratoconus, mitral valve prolapse, and joint hypermobility.
Common foot problems. Relieving the pain of bunions, keratoses, corns, and calluses.
Noninvasive assessment of implant capsules.
Fingernail deformities secondary to ganglions of the distal interphalangeal joint (mucous cysts).
Intramedullary spinal ependymal cyst: case report.
Protrusion of the first thoracic disk.
Urate and calcium stones--picking up a drop of mercury with one's fingers?
Arthroscopic acromioclavicular joint resection. An anatomical study.
The iliotibial band lateral sling procedure and its effect on the results of anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction.
The stabilizing function of passive shoulder restraints.
Serial magnetic resonance imaging of hamstring anterior cruciate ligament autografts during the first year of implantation. A preliminary study.
The Gore-Tex anterior cruciate ligament prosthesis. Two versus three year results.
Axial loading injuries to the middle cervical spine segment. An analysis and classification of twenty-five cases.
Functional biomechanical deficits in running athletes with plantar fasciitis.
Isokinetic torque imbalances in the rotator cuff of the elite water polo player.
Sports-related Kienbock's disease.
Bilateral infrapatellar tendon rupture in a patient with jumper's knee.
Electromagnetic treatment of shoulder periarthritis: a randomized controlled trial of the efficiency and tolerance of magnetotherapy.
Physiologic parameters and perceived exertion with local muscle fatigue in postpolio subjects.
Saphenous nerve entrapment caused by pes anserine bursitis mimicking stress fracture of the tibia.
Infections of the clavicle in children.
The early diagnosis and treatment of developmental patella infera syndrome.
Locked intramedullary fixation for metaphyseal malunion and nonunion.
Anaerobic osteomyelitis. A new experimental rabbit model.
Familial incidence of Paget's disease and secondary osteogenic sarcoma. A report of three cases from a single family.
Do infectious agents cause rheumatoid arthritis?
Cellular basis for rheumatoid inflammation.
Dysphagia as a manifestation of occult hypoxemia. The role of oximetry during meal times.
Urate crystals stimulate production of tumor necrosis factor alpha from human blood monocytes and synovial cells. Cytokine mRNA and protein kinetics, and cellular distribution.
Misdiagnosis of rheumatoid arthritis in an elderly woman with gout.
The presence of cartilage matrix glycoprotein in serum as determined by immunolocation analysis is not a sensitive indicator of "early" osteoarthritis of the knee.
The neuroradiology of visual disturbances.
Dysphagia in patients with the post-polio syndrome
Syringomyelia as a postoperative sequela of the resection of a chordoma of the clivus: case report.
Seasonal fluctuations in parathyroid hormone in relation to vitamin D intake of postmenopausal women.

