Evaluation of women with possible appendicitis using technetium-99m leukocyte scan.
Intermittent obstruction of an incarcerated hiatal hernia with a total thoracic stomach.
A retrospective analysis of therapy for acute graft-versus-host disease: initial treatment.
Rectal examination in general practice
Choice of emergency operative procedure for bleeding duodenal ulcer
Anterior lesser curve seromyotomy and posterior truncal vagotomy versus truncal vagotomy and pyloroplasty in the treatment of chronic duodenal ulcer.
Elective resection for diverticular disease of the sigmoid colon.
Gracilis muscle transposition for faecal incontinence.
Pylorus preserving pancreatoduodenectomy: an overview.
Operative choledochoscopy: common bile duct exploration is incomplete without it.
Primary hepatic malignancy: the role of liver transplantation.
Mucosal intussusception to avoid ascending cholangitis.
Gastrointestinal function and structure in HIV-positive patients.
Cancer chemotherapy after solid organ transplantation.
Colonic polyamine content and ornithine decarboxylase activity as markers for adenomas.
Brush cytology in the diagnosis of colonic neoplasms.
The management of pseudomyxoma peritonei.
Epidural morphine for analgesia after caesarean section: a report of 4880 patients
Prospective trial comparing a combination pH probe-nasogastric tube with aspirated gastric pH in intensive care unit patients.
The Exeter Dysphagia Assessment Technique.
Transient mitral regurgitation due to mitral valve prolapse accompanied by systolic anterior motion of the mitral valve.
Resolution of the adult respiratory distress syndrome following colectomy and liver transplantation.
Esophageal contribution to chest pain in patients with coronary artery disease.
Absorption and motility of the bypassed human ileum.
The freckle sign--an endoscopic feature of the cecum.
The starved colon--diminished mucosal nutrition, diminished absorption, and colitis.
Crohn's disease and pregnancy.
Short-term chemoprophylaxis with ceftizoxime vs. five-day aminoglycoside with metronidazole in 'contaminated' lower gastrointestinal surgery.
Gastrointestinal tuberculosis. Report of four cases.
Scintigraphic measurement of oropharyngeal transit in man.
Effects of milk, prostaglandin, and antacid on experimentally induced duodenitis in the rat. Use of myeloperoxidase as an index of inflammation.
Gastric dysrhythmias following pylorus-preserving pancreaticoduodenectomy. Possible mechanism for early delayed gastric emptying.
Sterol-dependence of gastric protective activity of unsaturated phospholipids.
Gastric lesions secondary to long-distance running.
Outpatient health care utilization of patients with inflammatory bowel disease.
Irritable bowel syndrome in women having diagnostic laparoscopy or hysterectomy. Relation to gynecologic features and outcome.
Investigation of mode of action of biofeedback in treatment of fecal incontinence.
Analysis of 24-hour esophageal pressure and pH data in unselected patients with noncardiac chest pain.
Phospholipids from rat, human, and canine gastric mucosa. Composition and metabolism of molecular classes of phosphatidylcholine.
Multipolar electrocoagulation versus injection therapy in the treatment of bleeding peptic ulcers. A prospective, randomized trial.
Evolution of fundic argyrophil cell hyperplasia in nonantral atrophic gastritis.
A small animal model of human Helicobacter pylori active chronic gastritis.
A comparison in vitro of human and rabbit distal colonic muscle responses to inflammatory mediators.
Long-term 6-mercaptopurine treatment in adolescents with Crohn's disease
Anorectal function in incontinent patients with cerebrospinal disease.
Alpha 1-antitrypsin excretion in stool in normal subjects and in patients with gastrointestinal disorders.
Randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of somatostatin for variceal bleeding. Emergency control and prevention of early variceal rebleeding.
Hemodynamic events in a prospective randomized trial of propranolol versus placebo in the prevention of a first variceal hemorrhage.
Effect of weight reduction on hepatic abnormalities in overweight patients.
Immunochemical characterization and quantitative distribution of pancreatic stone protein in sera and pancreatic secretions in pancreatic disorders.
Piezoelectric lithotripsy: stone disintegration and follow-up results in patients with symptomatic gallbladder stones.
The effects of synthetic human secretin on calcium carbonate solubility in human bile
In vivo assessment of shock-wave pressures. Implication for biliary lithotripsy.
Endoscopic retrograde brush cytology. A new technique.
Bile duct emptying in response to fat: a validation study.
Pemoline-associated hepatic injury.
Endosonography of peri-anal and peri-colorectal fistula and/or abscess in Crohn's disease.
Mechanical lithotripsy of common duct stones.
Endoscopic palliative intubation of the esophagus invaded by lung cancer.
Endoscopic cholangiopancreatography in hepatic clonorchiasis--a follow-up study.
The role of ERCP in children and adolescents.
Can clinicians accurately assess esophageal dilation without fluoroscopy?
Endoscopic appearance and significance of functional lymphangiectasia of the duodenal mucosa.
Circulating antibodies against human colonic extract enriched with a 40 kDa protein in patients with ulcerative colitis.
Effect of ulcerative colitis and smoking on rectal blood flow.
Daytime reduction of gastro-oesophageal reflux after healing of oesophagitis and its value as an indicator of favourable response to maintenance treatment.
Inhibition of cell mediated cytotoxicity by sulphasalazine: effect of in vivo treatment with 5-aminosalicylic acid and sulphasalazine on in vitro natural killer cell activity.
Soluble interleukin-2 receptor in Crohn's disease: relation of serum concentrations to disease activity.
Occupational distribution of inflammatory bowel disease among German employees.
Low diacylglycerol values in colonic adenomas and colorectal cancer.
Use of the pudendo-anal reflex in the treatment of neurogenic faecal incontinence.
Relation between rectal sensation and anal function in normal subjects and patients with faecal incontinence.
Inter- and intraindividual variation in pressure-volume relations of the rectum in normal subjects and patients with the irritable bowel syndrome.
Referral of patients with primary biliary cirrhosis for liver transplantation.
Pancreatic duct abnormalities in gall stone disease: an endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatographic study.
Pancreatic function in Crohn's disease.
Loss of duodenal folds allows diagnosis of unsuspected coeliac disease.
Adult hepatic fibropolycystic disease presenting as obstructive jaundice.
Evaluation of the magnitude of gastro-oesophageal reflux in Barrett's oesophagus.
Comparison of omeprazole and cimetidine in reflux oesophagitis: symptomatic, endoscopic, and histological evaluations.
Reduction of gastric ulcer recurrence after suppression of Helicobacter pylori by cefixime.
High grade dysplasia of the gastric mucosa: a marker for gastric carcinoma.
Towards a true prevalence of peptic ulcer: the Sorreisa gastrointestinal disorder study.
Duodenal ulcer and refined carbohydrate intake: a case-control study assessing dietary fibre and refined sugar intake
Duodenal ulcer is associated with low dietary linoleic acid intake.
Adjuvant antibiotic therapy in duodenal ulcers treated with colloidal bismuth subcitrate.
Biliary cholesterol transport and precipitation: introduction and overview of conference.
Bile sampling, processing and analysis in clinical studies.
Gallbladder mucin as a pronucleating agent for cholesterol monohydrate crystals in bile.
Nonmucous glycoproteins as pronucleating agents.
Pathogenesis of biliary sludge.
Biliary calcium and gallstone formation.
Unconjugated bilirubin and cholesterol gallstone formation.
Current concepts of cholesterol transport and crystal formation in human bile.
Fluorescence assays to monitor membrane fusion: potential application in biliary lipid secretion and vesicle interactions.
HBV-DNA detection by gene amplification in acute hepatitis B.
Changes of serum hepatitis B virus DNA and aminotransferase levels during the course of chronic hepatitis B virus infection in children.
Prospective study of early detection of hepatocellular carcinoma in patients with cirrhosis.
The auditory P300 event-related potential: an objective marker of the encephalopathy of chronic liver disease.
Monomicrobial nonneutrocytic bacterascites: a variant of spontaneous bacterial peritonitis.
Norfloxacin prevents spontaneous bacterial peritonitis recurrence in cirrhosis: results of a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
Relative frequencies of portosystemic pathways and renal shunt formation through the "posterior" gastric vein: portographic study in 460 patients.
Albumin absorption and protein secretion by the gallbladder in man and in the pig.
Diagnostic value of brush cytology in the diagnosis of bile duct carcinoma: a study in 65 patients with bile duct strictures.
Immunohistochemical detection of abnormal cell proliferation in colonic mucosa of subjects with polyps.
Serum pepsinogen I and gastrin concentrations in children positive for Helicobacter pylori.
Photochemotherapy improves chronic cutaneous graft-versus-host disease.
Imidazole salicylate versus piroxicam in the treatment of arthrosis in elderly patients. A double-blind clinical and endoscopic trial.
Alternation of gastric mucosal glycoprotein (lectin-binding pattern) in gastric mucosa in stress. A light and electron microscopic study.
Generation of ammonia and mucosal lesion formation following hydrolysis of urea by urease in the rat stomach.
Possible role of leukotrienes in gastritis associated with Campylobacter pylori.
"Healed" experimental gastric ulcers remain histologically and ultrastructurally abnormal.
Vascular and microvascular changes--key factors in the development of acetic acid-induced gastric ulcers in rats.
Further study of mucosal repair by sofalcone in experimental gastritis.
Effect of epidermal growth factor in combination with sucralfate or omeprazole on the healing of chronic gastric ulcers in the rat.
Fibronectin-related substance located in the chief cells of human and rat gastric mucosa.
Evidence for gastric mucosal cell invasion by C. pylori: an ultrastructural study.
Pelvic pain: lessons from anatomy and physiology.
The relationship of headache symptoms with severity and duration of attacks.
Intraperitoneal lymphokine-activated killer-cell and interleukin-2 therapy for malignancies limited to the peritoneal cavity.
Hepatic venoocclusive disease in autologous bone marrow transplantation of solid tumors and lymphomas.
Antagonism of serotonin S3 receptors with ondansetron prevents nausea and emesis induced by cyclophosphamide-containing chemotherapy regimens
A study of HTLV-I and its associated risk factors in Trinidad and Tobago.
Computed tomographic and ultrasonographic findings in women with acute fatty liver of pregnancy.
Mayer-Rokitansky-Kuster-Hauser syndrome with splenosis. A case report.
Clinicopathological features of elevated lesions of the duodenal bulb.
Long-term results of the Belsey Mark IV antireflux operation in relation to the severity of esophagitis
Long-term versus short-term treatment with recombinant interferon alfa-2a in patients with chronic hepatitis B: a prospective, randomized treatment trial.
Unsuspected syphilitic hepatitis in a patient with low-grade proteinuria and abnormal liver function
Outbreak of diarrhoea due to Escherichia coli O111:B4 in schoolchildren and adults: association of Vi antigen-like reactivity.
Conservation surgery for glomus jugulare tumors: the value of early diagnosis.
Ulcerative colitis and colorectal cancer. A population-based study.
The effect of ursodiol on the efficacy and safety of extracorporeal shock-wave lithotripsy of gallstones. The Dornier National Biliary Lithotripsy Study
Anatomy of anal sphincters and related structures in continent women studied with magnetic resonance imaging.
Methotrexate therapy for persistent ectopic pregnancy after conservative laparoscopic management.
Congenital chyloperitoneum as a cause of isolated fetal ascites.
Rapid intravenous rehydration in the pediatric emergency department
Hemolytic-uremic syndrome in children. A serious hazard of undercooked beef.
Chest pain in teenagers. When is it significant?
Infectious diarrhea. Managing a misery that is still worldwide.
Clinical recognition and evaluation of peptic ulcer disease.
Medical treatment and prevention of peptic ulcer disease.
Hyponatraemia in patients with cirrhosis.
Alpha 1-antitrypsin granules in the liver--always important?
Final outcome of ursodeoxycholic acid treatment in 126 patients with radiolucent gallstones.
Biliary lithotripsy: in vitro analysis of gallstone fragmentation for equivalent stone volumes.
Segmented turboFLASH: method for breath-hold MR imaging of the liver with flexible contrast.
Intra-abdominal palpation of a nasogastric tube in the stomach does not assure appropriate placement.
Broad spectrum penicillin as an adequate therapy for acute cholangitis.
Synchronous carcinoma of the colon and rectum.
Congenital dilatation of the bile duct in 100 instances and its relationship with anomalous junction [published erratum appears in Surg Gynecol Obstet 1991 Mar;172(3):246]
A multifactorial analysis of mortality and morbidity in perforated peptic ulcer disease.
Surgical management of islet cell dysmaturation syndrome in young children.
Ascending cholangitis: surgery versus endoscopic or percutaneous drainage.
Are cystgastrostomy and cystjejunostomy equivalent operations for pancreatic pseudocysts?
Early results of combined electrohydraulic shock-wave lithotripsy and oral litholytic therapy of gallbladder stones at the University of Iowa.
The diagnosis and definition of hepatic malignancies by use of arterial enhanced computerized tomographic scanning.
Anomalies of intestinal rotation in childhood: analysis of 447 cases.
Long-term follow-up of the ileoanal anastomosis in children and young adults.
Circadian esophageal motor function in patients with gastroesophageal reflux disease.
Abnormal membrane physical properties of red cells in McLeod syndrome.
From Leningrad to the day-care center. The ubiquitous Giardia lamblia.
Pleuropulmonary manifestations of hepatic amebiasis
Does paramedic-base hospital contact result in beneficial deviations from standard prehospital protocols?
Sudden death due to delayed rupture of hepatic subcapsular hematoma following blunt abdominal trauma.
Prospective randomized comparison of Brown-McHardy and microvasive balloon dilators in treatment of achalasia.
Features distinguishing secondary achalasia from primary achalasia.
Healing or amelioration of esophagitis does not result in increased lower esophageal sphincter or esophageal contractile pressure [published erratum appears in Am J Gastroenterol 1991 Feb;86(2):253]
Sucralfate used as adjunctive therapy in patients with severe erosive peptic esophagitis resulting from gastroesophageal reflux.
Comparison of coffee intake and coffee-induced symptoms in patients with duodenal ulcer, nonulcer dyspepsia, and normal controls.
Duodenal ulcer hemorrhage with and without dyspepsia.
The value of push-type jejunal endoscopy in familial adenomatosis coli/Gardner's syndrome.
Liver pathology in morbidly obese patients with and without diabetes.
Factors influencing the development of metabolic bone disease in primary biliary cirrhosis.
Percutaneous transhepatic cholecystostomy for acute complicated cholecystitis in elderly patients.
Comparative studies of DU-PAN-2, carcinoembryonic antigen, and CA19-9 in the serum and bile of patients with pancreatic and biliary tract diseases: evaluation of the influence of obstructive jaundice.
Serum amylase in patients with renal insufficiency and renal failure.
Comparison of a new immunoassay for determining serum pancreatic isoamylase with two standard techniques.
In vivo evaluation of monopolar versus bipolar electrosurgical polypectomy snares.
Hyperplastic gastric polyps associated with persistent Helicobacter pylori infection and active gastritis.
Protein-losing enteropathy in systemic lupus erythematosus associated with intestinal lymphangiectasia.
Gallbladder carcinoma producing human chorionic gonadotropin.
Isolated ventral pancreatitis in a patient with pancreas divisum.
Exacerbation of chronic active hepatitis type B after short-term corticosteroid therapy resulting in fatal liver failure.
Toxoplasmic chorioretinitis and hepatic granulomas.
Disseminated, nonmeningeal gastrointestinal cryptococcal infection in an HIV-negative patient.
Peritoneal dialysis in the geriatric patient.
Treatment of Wegener's granulomatosis with intermittent high-dose intravenous cyclophosphamide
Association of Helicobacter pylori infection with dyspeptic symptoms in patients undergoing gastroduodenoscopy.
Cardiorespiratory effects of endoscopic esophageal variceal sclerotherapy.
Pregnancy-induced hypertension and acute fatty liver of pregnancy: atypical presentations.
Antenatal spontaneous perforation of the extrahepatic biliary tree.
Intrapartum uterine rupture and inflammatory bowel disease.
Crohn's disease and retinal vascular disease.
Update on the epidemiology of anorexia nervosa in a defined region of Switzerland.
Endemic Cryptosporidium and Giardia lamblia infections in a Thai orphanage.
Brain and liver dolichol in chronic alcoholism: a necropsy study.
Esophageal motor disorder in alcoholics: result of alcoholism or withdrawal?
A hepatocellular carcinoma of massive arterioportal shunts without tumor stain treated with CDDP two-route chemotherapy--a case report.
Methylene iodide poisoning.
Castor bean intoxication.
Management of the acute abdomen complicating oral anticoagulation therapy.
Nonoperative management of small-bowel obstruction with endoscopic long intestinal tube placement.
The influence of sclerotherapy on gastric mucosal blood flow distribution.
A five-year U.S. Army experience with 36,250 abdominal hernia repairs.
Comparison of ulcer surgery at a Veterans Administration and University Hospital.
Toxic shock syndrome after inguinal hernia repair. Report of a case with patient survival.
CT diagnosis of acquired small bowel volvulus.
Acute gastroenteritis in infants under 6 months old.
Management of gastroenteritis.
Perforated duodenal ulcer: an unusual complication of gastroenteritis.
Congenital diaphragmatic hernia: impact of prostanoids in the perioperative period.
Cystic tumors of the pancreas. New clinical, radiologic, and pathologic observations in 67 patients.
Ileal pouch-anal anastomosis. Reoperation for pouch-related complications.
The role of prostanoids in the production of acute acalculous cholecystitis by platelet-activating factor.
Surgical aspects of sclerosing cholangitis. Results in 178 patients.
Relief of tracheal compression by aortopexy.
Pharyngoesophageal perforation after blunt neck trauma.
Risk of gastric cancer after gastric surgery for benign disorders.
The prevalence of Helicobacter pylori in nonulcer dyspepsia. Importance of stratification according to age
Study of preneoplastic changes of liver cells by immunohistochemical and molecular hybridization techniques.
Acalculus lymphoeosinophilic cholecystitis associated with interleukin-2 and lymphokine-activated killer cell therapy.
Comprehensive management of acute necrotizing pancreatitis and pancreatic abscess.
Blunt intestinal injury. Keys to diagnosis and management.
The recalcitrant perineal wound after rectal extirpation. Applications of muscle flap closure.
Fibrin glue inhibits intra-abdominal adhesion formation.
Reoperative surgery for the morbidly obese. A university experience.
Endocrine consequences of alcohol abuse.
T cell subsets (Tc, Th, Ts, Tsi) and IL2 receptor-bearing cells in peripheral blood of patients in the acute phase of alcoholic hepatitis.
Pharmacokinetics of propofol infusions in patients with cirrhosis.
Pivoting larynx--an unusual clinical observation at laryngoscopy.
Postoperative analgesic requirements in patients exposed to positive intraoperative suggestions.
Bile acids and the increased risk of colorectal tumours after truncal vagotomy.
Urinary tissue factor activity in colorectal disease.
Malignant left-sided large bowel obstruction managed by subtotal/total colectomy.
Blood transfusion and recurrence of colorectal cancer: the role of platelet derived growth factors.
Experimental study of starch-induced intraperitoneal adhesions
On-table pancreatography: importance in planning operative strategy.
Laser recanalization versus endoscopic intubation in the palliation of malignant dysphagia.
Aetiology of pancreatic cancer
Abdominal wall pain: an alternative diagnosis.
Toxicity of high-dose cytosine arabinoside in the treatment of advanced childhood tumors resistant to conventional therapy. A Pediatric Oncology Group study.
Effectiveness of periodic checkup by ultrasonography for the early diagnosis of hepatocellular carcinoma.
Parathyroid hormone-like peptide in normal and neoplastic mesothelial cells.
Glomerular IgA deposits in patients with celiac disease.
Acute deterioration of renal function associated with enteric hyperoxaluria.
Computed tomography in patients with esophageal perforation.
Systemic hemodynamic and cardiac function changes in patients undergoing orthotopic liver transplantation.
Colonoscopic screening of asymptomatic patients with a family history of colon cancer.
Perirectal abscess in Crohn's disease. Drainage and outcome.
The surgical management of children with ulcerative colitis. The old vs. the new.
Accumulation and pepsin solubility of collagens in the bowel of patients with Crohn's disease.
Endometrioma. An intra-abdominal troublemaker.
Enteroglucagon and peptide Y-Y response after construction of a pelvic reservoir in humans.
Malignant potential of juvenile polyposis coli. Report of a case and review of the literature.
Yersinia enterocolitica abscess of the transverse colon. Report of a case.
Ileocolic nipple valve anastomosis for preventing recurrence of surgically treated Crohn's disease. Long-term follow-up of six patients.
Plasma neurotransmitters and cortisol in duodenal ulcer patients. Role of stress.
Putative mechanisms of cytoprotective effect of certain antacids and sucralfate.
Gastric contents retained in rat stomach following mild irritant exposure contribute to adaptive cytoprotection.
Modulatory action of adenosine on gastric function and ethanol-induced mucosal damage in rats.
Dynamic CT scanning of pancreatic duct after secretin provocation in pancreas divisum.
Improved scintigraphic assessment of severe cholestasis with the hepatic extraction fraction.
Effect of race upon organ donation and recipient survival in liver transplantation.
Cirrhosis of the liver. A risk factor for development of cholelithiasis in males.
Corticosteroid treatment reduces mast cell numbers in inflammatory bowel disease.
Small bowel phytobezoar mimicking presentation of Crohn's disease.
Pancreatitis.
Alcoholic liver disease.
Natural history of congestive gastropathy in cirrhosis. The Liver Study Group of V. Cervello Hospital.
24-hour intragastric acidity and plasma gastrin after omeprazole treatment and after proximal gastric vagotomy in duodenal ulcer patients
Role of epidermal growth factor, prostaglandin, and sulfhydryls in stress-induced gastric lesions.
Acute and chronic stress in duodenal ulcer disease.
Role of visceral afferent mechanisms in functional bowel disorders.
Glucose disposal, beta-cell secretion, and hepatic insulin extraction in cirrhosis: a minimal model assessment.
Host response to mycobacterial infection in the alcoholic rat.
Pathogenesis of ceftriaxone-associated biliary sludge. In vitro studies of calcium-ceftriaxone binding and solubility.
Gallbladder motility in cholesterol gallstone disease. Effect of ursodeoxycholic acid administration and gallstone dissolution
Primary biliary cirrhosis. Quantitation of autoantibodies to purified mitochondrial enzymes and correlation with disease progression.
Long-term outcome after surgery for biliary atresia. Study of 40 patients surviving for more than 10 years.
Microprocessor-assisted solvent-transfer system for gallstone dissolution. In vitro and in vivo validation.
Esophageal obstruction after ingestion of a fiber-containing diet pill.
Idiopathic biliary ductopenia in adults: a report of five cases.
Omeprazole in the management of intractable esophageal ulceration following injection sclerotherapy.
Heterotopic liver transplantation for fulminant Wilson's disease.
Caseating hepatic granulomas in Hodgkin's lymphoma.
Colonic lipomas: outcome of endoscopic removal.
A laser-induced scar at the cardia increases the yield pressure of the lower esophageal sphincter
Endoscopic retrograde cannulation of the gallbladder: direct dissolution of gallstones.
Expandable biliary metal stents for malignancies: endoscopic insertion and diathermic cleaning for tumor ingrowth.
Pain on common bile duct injection during ERCP: does it indicate sphincter of Oddi dysfunction?
Sphincter of Oddi manometry: decreased risk of clinical pancreatitis with use of a modified aspirating catheter.
The role of endoscopic injection sclerotherapy in the management of bleeding peristomal varices.
Variceal sclerosis in schistosomotic patients: a 5-year follow-up study.
Schatzki's ring: long-term results following dilation
Witzel pneumatic dilation for achalasia: safety and long-term efficacy
Fatty liver hepatitis (steatohepatitis) and obesity: an autopsy study with analysis of risk factors.
Immunological studies before and during interferon therapy in chronic HBV infection: identification of factors predicting response.
Hormonal and enzymatic parameters of hepatic regeneration in patients undergoing major liver resections.
Human hepatic regenerative stimulator substance: partial purification and biological characterization of hepatic stimulator substance from human fetal liver cells.
Hepatic vascular disease and portal hypertension in polycythemia vera and agnogenic myeloid metaplasia: a clinicopathological study of 145 patients examined at autopsy.
Selective intestinal decontamination increases serum and ascitic fluid C3 levels in cirrhosis.
Pathological observations of intrahepatic peribiliary glands in 1,000 consecutive autopsy livers. III. Survey of necroinflammation and cystic dilatation.
Inflammatory abdominal aortic aneurysms.
Left retroperitoneal exposure for distal mesenteric artery repair.
Parathyroid hormone and cirrhosis of the liver.
Gastrointestinal side-effects of octreotide during long-term treatment of acromegaly.
Crypt cell proliferation and HLA-DR expression in pelvic ileal pouches.
Abnormal cardiac sensitivity in patients with chest pain and normal coronary arteries.
Crohn's disease: what about the pancreas? [editorial]
Can the blood urea nitrogen/creatinine ratio distinguish upper from lower gastrointestinal bleeding?
Stasis syndromes following gastric surgery: clinical and motility features of 60 symptomatic patients.
Rosacea and ulcerative colitis: a possible association.
Limitations in the evaluation of therapy in inflammatory bowel disease: suggestions for future research.
Frequency of recovery of Blastocystis hominis in clinical practice.
Clinical significance of cholelithiasis in patients with decompensated cirrhosis.
Risk factors for gallstones among Chinese in Taiwan. A community sonographic survey.
Gallstone disease in north India: clinical and ultrasound profile in a referral hospital.
Tuberculous peritonitis: a study comparing cirrhotic and noncirrhotic patients.
Small bile duct abnormalities in sarcoidosis.
Spontaneous reactivation in chronic hepatitis B: patterns and natural history.
Mallory-Weiss syndrome after cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
A nongastrin malignant ampullary tumor causing gastric acid and pepsin hypersecretion. A case report.
Chylous ascites should suggest constrictive pericarditis even in a patient with cirrhosis.
Morphological study of cholesterol hepatolithiasis. Report of three cases.
Portal venous gas in a patient with Crohn's disease.
Cellular immune response to hepatitis B virus-encoded antigens in acute and chronic hepatitis B virus infection.
Evaluation of WC3 rotavirus vaccine and correlates of protection in healthy infants.
Properties of strains of Escherichia coli O26:H11 in relation to their enteropathogenic or enterohemorrhagic classification.
Fucosylated oligosaccharides of human milk protect suckling mice from heat-stabile enterotoxin of Escherichia coli.
Rotavirus-specific antibody response in saliva of infants with rotavirus diarrhea.
Adult immunization in a network of family practice residency programs.
Phase I clinical and pharmacologic study of intraperitoneal cisplatin and fluorouracil in patients with advanced intraabdominal cancer.
Transient renal acidification defect during acute infantile diarrhea: the role of urinary sodium.
Azathioprine in the treatment of children with inflammatory bowel disease.
Effects of cisapride in patients with cystic fibrosis and distal intestinal obstruction syndrome.
Prospective study of the frequency and size distribution of polyps missed by colonoscopy.
Effect of endotoxin and a burn injury on lung and liver lipid peroxidation and catalase activity.
The abdominal trauma index--a critical reassessment and validation.
Gastrointestinal pathology in adult iron overdose.
Renal scintigraphy in the diagnosis and surgical management of a patient with caliceal colic: a case report.
Small cell carcinoma of the pancreas and biliary tract.
Obstructing carcinoma of the cecum.
Complications of stapled anastomoses in anterior resection for rectal carcinoma: colorectal anastomosis versus coloanal anastomosis.
Assessment of functional gastrointestinal disease: the bowel disease questionnaire.
Impact of active immunisation against enteritis necroticans in Papua New Guinea.
Preliminary report: the antegrade continence enema.
Increased cholecystectomy rates in Saudi Arabia
Binding to human jejunum of serum IgA antibody from children with coeliac disease.
A chronic granulomatous syndrome of unknown origin.
Pancreaticopleural fistula. Report of 7 patients and review of the literature.
Coccidioidomycosis during human immunodeficiency virus infection. A review of 77 patients.
Aspiration in bilateral stroke patients.
Cyclic pelvic pain.
Pelvic pain and infections.
An epidemic outbreak of cryptosporidiosis: a prospective community study from Guinea Bissau.
Case-control study of Cryptosporidium parvum infection in Peruvian children hospitalized for diarrhea: possible association with malnutrition and nosocomial infection.
Clinical features of adenovirus enteritis: a review of 127 cases.
Advanced assessment of the abdomen and gastrointestinal problems.
Nausea, vomiting, and retching.
Diarrhea.
Colonoscopy in critically ill patients. What conditions call for it?
Interventional radiologic alternatives to cholecystectomy.
Interventional radiology of the biliary tract. Transcholecystic intervention.
Interventional gallbladder procedures.
Intracorporeal biliary lithotripsy.
Technical aspects of biliary extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy.
Clinical experience with biliary extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy.
Ablation of the cystic duct and the gallbladder. Experimental basis and initial clinical observations.
Combined radiologic and retrograde endoscopic and biliary interventions.
A case of group B streptococcal pyomyositis
Visceral protothecosis mimicking sclerosing cholangitis in an immunocompetent host: successful antifungal therapy.
Postoperative pancreatic abscess due to Plesiomonas shigelloides.
Emphysematous gastritis: case report and review.
Preventing colorectal cancer.
Normeperidine-induced seizures in hereditary coproporphyria.
Traumatic diaphragmatic hernia and intestinal obstruction due to penetrating trunk wounds.
Adenocarcinoma of the appendiceal stump.
Adenocarcinoma of the colon occurring with intussusception in an adolescent.
Preventing postoperative acute bleeding of the upper part of the gastrointestinal tract.
Intraoperative scintigraphy for active small intestinal bleeding.
High or low hepaticojejunostomy for bile duct strictures?
Biliobiliary fistula: preoperative diagnosis and management implications.
The role of gastric resection in the management of multicentric argyrophil gastric carcinoids.
Esophageal reflux before and after isolated myotomy for achalasia.
Incisional parapubic hernias.
Portal vein resection with a new antithrombogenic catheter.
Gastric outlet obstruction caused by traumatic pseudoaneurysm of superior mesenteric artery.
High ethanol consumption as risk factor for intracerebral hemorrhage in young and middle-aged people.
Dietary predictors of symptom-associated gallstones in middle-aged women.
Effects of common illnesses on infants' energy intakes from breast milk and other foods during longitudinal community-based studies in Huascar (Lima), Peru.
Inflammatory myofibroblastic tumor (plasma cell granuloma). Clinicopathologic study of 20 cases with immunohistochemical and ultrastructural observations.
Computerized tomography in acute gastrointestinal disorders.
Effect of omeprazole and high doses of ranitidine on gastric acidity and gastroesophageal reflux in patients with moderate-severe esophagitis
Esophageal 24-h pH monitoring: is prior manometry necessary for correct positioning of the electrode?
Dysphagia following fundoplication: "slipped" fundoplication versus achalasia complicated by fundoplication.
Endoscopic management of chronic organoaxial volvulus of the stomach.
Recurrence of duodenal ulcer and elevated serum pepsinogen I levels in smokers and nonsmokers.
Adenocarcinoma arising in Barrett's esophagus after total gastrectomy
"Spontaneous sump syndrome": Successful treatment by duodenoscopic sphincterotomy.
Hepatic portal venous gas: an unusual presentation of Crohn's disease.
Oral dissolution therapy for cholelithiasis: mix and match.
Autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease--more than a renal disease.
Adult and pediatric peritonitis rates in a home dialysis program: comparison of continuous ambulatory and continuous cycling peritoneal dialysis.
Clinical and manometric aspects of diffuse esophageal spasm in a cohort of subjects evaluated for dysphagia and/or chest pain.
Endometrioma of the liver.
Hemoperitoneum as a result of coital injury without associated vaginal injury.
The associated anomalies that determine prognosis in congenital omphaloceles.
A clinicopathologic study of the eyes in familial adenomatous polyposis with extracolonic manifestations (Gardner's syndrome).
Histologic similarity of murine colonic graft-versus-host disease (GVHD) to human colonic GVHD and inflammatory bowel disease.
Development of multiple necrotizing enteritis induced by a tumor necrosis factor-like cytokine from lipopolysaccharide-stimulated peritoneal macrophages in rats.
Association of hepatitis B surface antigen and core antibody with acquisition and manifestations of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) infection.
Human T cell lymphotropic virus infection in Guaymi Indians from Panama.
Recurrence rate after discontinuation of long-term mebendazole therapy in alveolar echinococcosis (preliminary results).
High incidence of viral hepatitis among American missionaries in Africa.
Outpatient laparoscopic laser cholecystectomy.
Rectal prolapse in infants and children.
Prevention of pancreatic fistula by modified pancreaticojejunal anastomosis.
Role of surgery in antibiotic-induced pseudomembranous enterocolitis.
Blood contamination of anaesthetic and related staff
Acute abdominal pain in the elderly.
Colobronchial fistula: a rare complication of Crohn's colitis.
Gastroesophageal reflux and sclerotherapy strictures.
Starch peritonitis. A case report and clinicopathologic review.
Cecal diverticulitis presented as a cecal tumor.
Intra-abdominal abscesses in Crohn's disease.
Association of acute colonic pseudo-obstruction (Ogilvie's syndrome) with herpes zoster.
Jejunal-rectal fistula as a complication of postoperative radiotherapy.
The role of endoscopic retrograde pancreatography (ERP) in blunt abdominal trauma.
Risk for colon adenomas in patients with rectosigmoid hyperplastic polyps
Sexual and physical abuse in women with functional or organic gastrointestinal disorders.
Ondansetron compared with high-dose metoclopramide in prophylaxis of acute and delayed cisplatin-induced nausea and vomiting. A multicenter, randomized, double-blind, crossover study.
Polyneuropathy, ophthalmoplegia, leukoencephalopathy, and intestinal pseudo-obstruction: POLIP syndrome.
Preoperative stabilisation in congenital diaphragmatic hernia.
The acutely affected abdomen in paraplegic spinal cord injury patients.
Results of a multicenter trial comparing imipenem/cilastatin to tobramycin/clindamycin for intra-abdominal infections.
Parietal cell vagotomy and dilatation for peptic duodenal stricture.
Prognostic determinants in extracorporeal membrane oxygenation for respiratory failure in newborns.
Acquired benign esophagorespiratory fistula: report of 16 consecutive cases.
Collis gastroplasty: origin and evolution.
Congenital tracheoesophageal fistula associated with carcinoma of the lung in an adult.
Acute autonomic neuropathy. Two cases and a clinical review.
Primary malignant peritoneal mesothelioma. A report of seven cases and a review of the literature.
Management of perineal wounds following abdominoperineal resection with inferior gluteal flaps.
Extrahepatic biliary obstruction by lymphoma.
Plasma thrombomodulin in health and diseases.
Ultrasonography in patients with suspected acute appendicitis: a prospective study.
A combined electromyographic and cineradiologic investigation in patients with defecation disorders.
Perianal abscess and fistula-in-ano in children.
Nitrite from inflammatory cells--a cancer risk factor in ulcerative colitis?
Intestinal perforation due to cytomegalovirus infection in patients with AIDS.
Anal ulcerations due to cytomegalovirus in patients with AIDS. Report of six cases.
Sexually transmitted diseases of the colon, rectum, and anus. The challenge of the nineties.
Pearson's marrow-pancreas syndrome. A multisystem mitochondrial disorder in infancy.
Extracellular matrix gene expression increases preferentially in rat lipocytes and sinusoidal endothelial cells during hepatic fibrosis in vivo.
Adverse mortality experience of a southwestern American Indian community: overall death rates and underlying causes of death in Pima Indians.
Pharmacology of pravadoline: a new analgesic agent.
Effect of the leukotriene B4 receptor antagonist SC-41930 on colonic inflammation in rat, guinea pig and rabbit.
Mucocele of the cystic duct remnant in eight liver transplant recipients: findings at cholangiography, CT, and US.
Colonic stenoses: use of oral barium when retrograde flow is completely obstructed on barium enema studies.
Feasibility of digital teleradiology for imaging evaluation of patients with acute right upper quadrant abdominal pain.
Extracorporeal cholecystolithotripsy without oral chemolitholysis.
Hypertrophic pyloric stenosis: volumetric measurement of nasogastric aspirate to determine the imaging modality
Hilar malignancy: treatment with an expandable metallic transhepatic biliary stent.
Emergency portosystemic shunt in patients with variceal bleeding.
Neoplastic changes in the stomach after gastrectomy.
Long term survival and severe rebleeding after variceal sclerotherapy.
The hazards of surgical glove dusting powders.
Gallstones, cholecystitis and diabetes [published erratum appears in Surg Gynecol Obstet 1991 Jul;173(1):72]
Pathogenesis and treatment of intra-abdominal infection.
A case of lisinopril-induced lithium toxicity
Genital and anal conditions confused with child sexual abuse trauma.
A pitfall in azygos vein cannulation in cirrhotic patients: mistaken cannulation of the mammary vein.
Lymphomatoid granulomatosis presenting as ulcerodestructive gastrointestinal tract lesions in patients with human immunodeficiency virus infection. A new association.
Amelioration of cholinergic-induced pancreatitis with a selective cholecystokinin receptor antagonist.
Percutaneous catheter drainage of infected pancreatic and peripancreatic fluid collections.
Does somatostatin analogue prevent experimental acute pancreatitis?
Calcium and calcium binding in human gallstone disease.
Surgical aspects of sclerosing encapsulating peritonitis.
Ticlopidine treatment reduces the progression of nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy. The TIMAD Study Group.
Piroxicam decreases postirradiation colonic neoplasia in the rat.
Clinicopathologic features of hepatocellular carcinoma in young patients.
Swallowing disorders in patients with prolonged orotracheal intubation or tracheostomy tubes.
Melanosis of the esophagus. An endoscopic, histochemical, and ultrastructural study.
Enteric neuronal autoantibodies in pseudoobstruction with small-cell lung carcinoma.
Geographic variation of inflammatory bowel disease within the United States.
Expression of leukocyte adhesion molecules by mucosal mononuclear phagocytes in inflammatory bowel disease.
Prevalence of spontaneous hepatofugal portal flow in liver cirrhosis. Clinical and endoscopic correlation in 228 patients.
Detection and direct sequencing of hepatitis B virus genome by DNA amplification method.
Reactivation of hepatitis B virus replication in patients receiving cytotoxic therapy. Report of a prospective study.
Effects of short-term pancreatic duct obstruction in rats.
Conjugates of ursodeoxycholate protect against cholestasis and hepatocellular necrosis caused by more hydrophobic bile salts. In vivo studies in the rat.
Physicochemical determinants of in vitro shock-wave biliary lithotripsy.
Intrahepatic cholesterol stones: a rationale for dissolution therapy.
Insulin resistance in noncirrhotic idiopathic portal hypertension.
Persistent hepatitis B virus following interferon alfa therapy and liver transplantation.
Hepatic fibrin-ring granulomas in a patient with hepatitis A.
Light microscopic diagnosis of human microsporidiosis and variable response to octreotide.
Expression of class II molecules on intestinal epithelial cells in humans. Differences between normal and inflammatory bowel disease.
Injection or heat probe for bleeding ulcer.
Screening colonoscopy in asymptomatic average-risk persons with negative fecal occult blood tests.
Airway responsiveness to inhaled methacholine in patients with irritable bowel syndrome.
Plasma vasoactive intestinal polypeptide concentration determination in patients with diarrhea.
Pathogenesis and therapy of peptic ulcer disease.
NSAID-induced gastrointestinal damage. A critical review of prophylaxis and therapy.
Gastroesophageal reflux disease: an update on management.
Cimetidine 800 mg twice daily for healing erosions and ulcers in gastroesophageal reflux disease.
Stress-related mucosal damage: review of drug therapy.
Should safety concerns with available ulcer treatment influence drug selection?
The clinical importance of drug interactions with antiulcer therapy.
The gastrin hypothesis. Implications for antisecretory drug selection.
Requirement of endogenous tumor necrosis factor/cachectin for recovery from experimental peritonitis.
Glutathione S-transferase. Novel vaccine against Fasciola hepatica infection in sheep.
Liver disease in alpha-1-antitrypsin deficiency: prognostic indicators.
Effect of extracorporeal membrane oxygenation on survival of infants with congenital diaphragmatic hernia.
Prochlorperazine and transdermal scopolamine added to a metoclopramide antiemetic regimen. A controlled comparison.
Laparoscopic tubal sterilization. The potential for thermal bowel injury.
Diagnostic significance of carcinoembryonic antigen in the differential diagnosis of malignant mesothelioma.
Genital herpes simplex virus infections.
The emergence of hepatitis B as a sexually transmitted disease.
Sexually transmitted arthritis syndromes.
Sexually transmitted causes of gastrointestinal symptoms in homosexual men.
Acute axonal polyneuropathy associated with anti-GM1 antibodies following Campylobacter enteritis.
Pathogenesis of gallstones.
Gallstone dissolution.
Extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy for biliary stones.
Surgery for acute and chronic cholecystitis.
Gallstone pancreatitis.
Acute cholangitis.
Nonoperative management of bile duct stones.
Surgical management of bile duct stones.
Stenosis of the sphincter of Oddi.
Primary sclerosing cholangitis.
Congenital biliary tract disease.
Carcinoma of the gallbladder.
Acute urinary retention in a child with appendiceal abscess: diagnostic dilemma.
Persistent mullerian duct syndrome.
Asymptomatic rhabdomyolysis of unknown etiology.
Penetration of the pericardium by a gastric ulcer--survival after pericardiocentesis.
Cimetidine suppresses chemically induced experimental hepatic porphyria.
Treatment of chronic liver disease caused by 3 beta-hydroxy-delta 5-C27-steroid dehydrogenase deficiency with chenodeoxycholic acid.
Normal small bowel biopsy followed by coeliac disease.
Helicobacter pylori and associated duodenal ulcer.
Severe hypertension after liver transplantation in alpha 1 antitrypsin deficiency.
Perianal appearances associated with constipation.
Reproducibility of 24 hour oesophageal pH studies in infants.
Bronchial asthma and acid reflux into the distal and proximal oesophagus.
Crohn's disease of the lung
Treatment of severe acne with isotretinoin in patients with inflammatory bowel disease.
Aerobic work capacity in patients with chronic fatigue syndrome
Serial prothrombin time as prognostic indicator in paracetamol induced fulminant hepatic failure.
Response to treatment of detrusor instability in relation to psychoneurotic status.
Helicobacter pylori and gastric carcinoma. Serum antibody prevalence in populations with contrasting cancer risks.
Xipamide disposition in liver cirrhosis.
Approaches to the patient with aspiration and swallowing disabilities.
Esophageal motility in an adult with a congenital H-type tracheoesophageal fistula.
Effects of a multidisciplinary management program on neurologically impaired patients with dysphagia.
Motility changes in primary achalasia following pneumatic dilatation.
Breast-feeding and diarrheal morbidity.
High-fat semielemental diet in the treatment of protracted diarrhea of infancy.
Angiodysplasia: characterization, diagnosis, and advances in treatment.
Complete jejunoileal necrosis due to torsion of the superior mesenteric artery.
Helicobacter pylori infection: a simplified diagnostic approach.
Helicobacter pylori infection in patients with acquired immune deficiency syndrome.
Incidence and prevalence of ulcerative colitis in the upper Galilee, Northern Israel, 1967-1986.
Failure of hepatitis B immunization in liver transplant recipients: results of a prospective trial.
Increasing prevalence of gallstones in male veterans with alcoholic cirrhosis.
Plasma fatty acid profile in advanced cirrhosis: unsaturation deficit of lipid fractions.
Comparison of two ascitic fluid culture methods in cirrhotic patients with spontaneous bacterial peritonitis.
Hemodynamic changes in splenic blood flow during and after distal splenorenal shunt.
Peritoneal mesothelioma: an unusual cause of esophageal achalasia.
Primary adrenal insufficiency: a new cause of reversible gastric stasis.
Reversal of chronic hepatic encephalopathy by colonic exclusion: poor correlation with blood GABA levels.
Maternal feeding behavior and child acceptance of food during diarrhea, convalescence, and health in the central Sierra of Peru.
The course of the HIV epidemic among intravenous drug users in Amsterdam, The Netherlands.
Antibiotic use among children in an urban Brazilian slum: a risk factor for diarrhea? [published erratum appears in Am J Public Health 1991 Apr;81(4):417]
Surgical complications of continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis.
Acute appendicitis in the pregnant patient.
Current status of duplex Doppler ultrasound in the examination of the abdominal vasculature.
Choledochotomy for calculous disease in the elderly.
When is polypectomy sufficient treatment for colorectal cancer in a polyp?
Aggravation of myasthenia gravis by erythromycin.
Hepatic cyst associated with Peutz-Jeghers syndrome.
Cholangiocarcinoma in association with multiple biliary microhamartomas.
Palliative treatment of bile duct tumoral compression by an endoprosthesis: clinical results.
(A)typical symptoms during single needle dialysis.
Peritoneal macrophage beta-2 microglobulin production and bacterial peritonitis in CAPD patients.
A prospective randomized evaluation of chronic peritoneal catheters. Insertion site and intraperitoneal segment.
Complications of Tenckhoff catheters post removal.
Pancreatic ischaemia in experimental acute pancreatitis: mechanism, significance and therapy.
Impaired polymorphonuclear leucocyte function in patients undergoing hepatectomy: adenylate energy charge and superoxide anion production in relation to hepatic mitochondrial redox state.
Effective intraperitoneal antiprotease therapy for taurocholate-induced pancreatitis in rats
Free radical inhibition and serial chemiluminescence in evolving experimental pancreatitis.
Prediction of outcome in acute pancreatitis: a comparative study of APACHE II, clinical assessment and multiple factor scoring systems.
Gallstone clearance: a randomized study of extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy and chemical dissolution
Gallbladder surgery following cholecystlithotripsy: suggested guidelines for treatment
Surgical presentation of Kawasaki disease (mucocutaneous lymph node syndrome).
Intraluminal pressure adjacent to left colonic anastomoses.
Duodenogastric reflux and gastric histology after cholecystectomy with or without sphincteroplasty.
Success of a program of routine prenatal screening for hepatitis B surface antigen: the first 2 years.
Amyloidosis associated bleeding diatheses in the surgical patient.
The Indian experience with hypertrophic pyloric stenosis.
Edrophonium provocative test in noncardiac chest pain. Evaluation of testing techniques.
Pyloric deformation from peptic disease. Radiographic evidence for incompetence rather than obstruction.
Antimony and glass pH electrodes can be used interchangeably in 24-hour studies of gastric acidity.
Cigarette smoking, gastric acidity and peptic ulceration. What are the relationships?
Endoscopic comparison of cimetidine and sucralfate for prevention of naproxen-induced acute gastroduodenal injury. Effect of scoring method.
Primary peritoneal sarcoidosis.
Esophageal adenocarcinoma in a patient with surgically treated achalasia.
Development of acute myelocytic leukemia in patients with Crohn's disease.
Closure of refractory perineal Crohn's lesion. Integration of hyperbaric oxygen into case management.
Epstein-Barr virus associated oesophageal ulcers in AIDS.
Relation of Helicobacter pylori to the human gastric mucosa in chronic gastritis of the antrum.
Paf-acether synthesis by Helicobacter pylori.
Cathepsins D and E in normal, metaplastic, dysplastic, and carcinomatous gastric tissue: an immunohistochemical study.
Modulation of fluid absorption and the secretory response of rat jejunum to cholera toxin by dietary fat.
Crohn's disease in the city of Derby, 1951-85.
Microspectrophotometric DNA analysis in ulcerative colitis with special reference to its application in diagnosis of carcinoma and dysplasia.
Disposition of 5-aminosalicylic acid by olsalazine and three mesalazine preparations in patients with ulcerative colitis: comparison of intraluminal colonic concentrations, serum values, and urinary excretion.
Role of upper gastrointestinal investigations in a screening study for colorectal neoplasia.
Incidence of large oesophageal varices in patients with cirrhosis: application to prophylaxis of first bleeding.
Lipid peroxidation and hepatic antioxidants in alcoholic liver disease.
Monitoring enzyme replacement treatment in exocrine pancreatic insufficiency using the cholesteryl octanoate breath test.
Stomal adenocarcinoma in Crohn's disease.
Squamous carcinoma in the liver.
Metabolic studies of radioiodinated serum amyloid P component in normal subjects and patients with systemic amyloidosis.
Carbohydrate malabsorption. Its measurement and its contribution to diarrhea.
Prevention of a false diagnosis of sexually acquired reactive arthritis by synovial lymphocyte responses.
Septic Streptococcus milleri spondylodiscitis.
Prophylaxis of uric acid stones with alternate day doses of alkaline potassium salts.
Safety of same-day sequential extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy and dissolution of gallstones by methyl tert-butyl ether in dogs.
Familial occurrence of inflammatory bowel disease.
Appendectomy in primary and secondary staging operations for ovarian malignancy.
Hepatocellular carcinoma within siderotic regenerative nodules: appearance as a nodule within a nodule on MR images.
Retained intrahepatic stones: treatment with piezoelectric lithotripsy combined with stone extraction.
Esophageal inflammation and stricture: complication of chronic granulomatous disease of childhood.
Bleeding gastroesophageal varices: gastric vein embolization after partial portal decompression.
Oral cholecystography in contemporary gallstone imaging: a review.
Pharynx: value of oblique projections for radiographic examination.
Detection of gastric erosions: comparison of biphasic radiography with fiberoptic endoscopy.
Liver and pancreas: improved spin-echo T1 contrast by shorter echo time and fat suppression at 1.5 T.
Pancreatic cancer versus chronic pancreatitis: diagnosis with CA 19-9 assessment, US, CT, and CT-guided fine-needle biopsy.
Resting and total energy expenditure in patients with inflammatory bowel disease.
Factors affecting the enterohepatic circulation of oral contraceptive steroids.
Gastrointestinal disease and oral contraception.
Oral contraception in disease states.
Efficacy of ephedrine in the prevention of postoperative nausea and vomiting.
Which clinical variables predict an abnormal double-contrast barium enema result?
The effect of ambulation on recovery from postoperative ileus.
Efficacy of octreotide acetate in treatment of severe postgastrectomy dumping syndrome.
The risk of large bowel cancer after partial gastrectomy for benign ulcer disease.
Involvement of thromboxane and neutrophils in multiple-system organ edema with interleukin-2.
Autologous implant of peritoneal mesothelium in rabbits and man.
Changes in interferon receptors on peripheral blood mononuclear cells from patients with chronic hepatitis B being treated with interferon.
Interferon antibodies may negate the antiviral effects of recombinant alpha-interferon treatment in patients with chronic hepatitis B virus infection.
A biphasic pattern of anti-pre-S responses in acute hepatitis B virus infection.
Early and frequent detection of HBxAg and/or anti-HBx in hepatitis B virus infection.
Defects in the precore region of the HBV genome in patients with chronic hepatitis B after sustained seroconversion from HBeAg to anti-HBe induced spontaneously or with interferon therapy.
Influence of hepatitis delta virus replication in the presence of hepatitis B virus DNA in peripheral blood mononuclear cells.
Association of autoimmune hepatitis with HLA-Bw54 and DR4 in Japanese patients.
The human hepatic asialoglycoprotein receptor is a target antigen for liver-infiltrating T cells in autoimmune chronic active hepatitis and primary biliary cirrhosis.
Decreased toxicity of polymorphonuclear neutrophils toward hepatocytes isolated from rats with acute inflammatory reaction.
Restoration of liver function in Gunn rats without immunosuppression using transplanted microencapsulated hepatocytes.
Normalization of ventilation/perfusion relationships after liver transplantation in patients with decompensated cirrhosis: evidence for a hepatopulmonary syndrome.
Differential regulation of liver P-450III cytochromes in choline-deficient rats: implications for the erythromycin breath test as a parameter of liver function.
Attenuation of alcohol-induced hepatic fibrosis by polyunsaturated lecithin.
Preventive therapy of first gastrointestinal bleeding in patients with cirrhosis: results of a controlled trial comparing propranolol, endoscopic sclerotherapy and placebo.
Hepatitis B virus nucleocapsid/pre-S2 fusion proteins expressed in attenuated Salmonella for oral vaccination.
Isolation and characterization of cDNA encoding a human nuclear antigen predominantly recognized by autoantibodies from patients with primary biliary cirrhosis.
CD8+ T cell homing to the pancreas in the nonobese diabetic mouse is CD4+ T cell-dependent.
Evidence for the targeting by 2-oxo-dehydrogenase enzymes in the T cell response of primary biliary cirrhosis.
Pneumococcal pneumonia in a rat model of cirrhosis: effects of cirrhosis on pulmonary defense mechanisms against Streptococcus pneumoniae.
Divergent efficacy of antibody to tumor necrosis factor-alpha in intravascular and peritonitis models of sepsis.
Bismuth subsalicylate in the treatment of acute diarrhea in children: a clinical study.
Use and misuse of oral therapy for diarrhea: comparison of US practices with American Academy of Pediatrics recommendations.
Spontaneous aorto-left renal vein fistula: the "abdominal pain, hematuria, silent left kidney" syndrome.
Adenomyomatosis of the gallbladder. A premalignant lesion?
Polyarteritis nodosa presenting as a biliary stricture.
Gastric duplication cyst communicating with the pancreatic duct: a rare cause of recurrent abdominal pain.
Excipients in valproic acid syrup may cause diarrhea: a case report.
The pharmacist as a health consultant--ten years later.
Warner-Lambert/Parke-Davis Award lecture. Pathobiology of the intestinal epithelial barrier.
Reversibility of hepatic fibrosis in experimentally induced cholestasis in rat.
Evidence for platelet-activating factor as a late-phase mediator of chronic pancreatitis in the rat.
Clinical features of misdiagnosed appendicitis in children.
Omeprazole enhances the efficacy of pancreatin (pancrease) in cystic fibrosis.
Seronegative juvenile rheumatoid arthritis and mast cell-associated gastritis.
Induction of arthritis in rats by aqueous suspensions of mycobacteria without the use of oil.
Risk factors for transmission of hepatitis B virus to Gambian children [published erratum appears in Lancet 1990 Dec 22-29;336(8730):1596]
Effect of tetrahydroaminoacridine on cognition, function and behaviour in Alzheimer's disease.
Diagnosis of Campylobacter pylori gastritis.
Zollinger-Ellison syndrome. Relation to Helicobacter pylori-associated chronic gastritis and gastric acid secretion.
Radiation-induced proctosigmoiditis. Prospective, randomized, double-blind controlled trial of oral sulfasalazine plus rectal steroids versus rectal sucralfate.
Primary cytomegalovirus infection and gastric ulcers in normal host.
Helicobacter pylori and Zollinger-Ellison syndrome.
Peptic ulcer perforation as the presentation of Zollinger-Ellison syndrome.
Helicobacter pylori and gastric acid output in peptic ulcer disease.
Bowel dysfunction in fibromyalgia syndrome.
Scintigraphic assessment of leukocyte infiltration in acute pancreatitis using technetium-99m-hexamethyl propylene amine oxine as leukocyte label.
Pressure measurements from biliary and pancreatic segments of sphincter of Oddi. Comparison between patients with functional abdominal pain, biliary, or pancreatic disease.
Penetration of lanthanum through the main pancreatic duct epithelium in cats following exposure to infected human bile.
Noninvasive measurement of portal venous blood flow in patients with cirrhosis: effects of physiological and pharmacological stimuli.
Ulcerative proctitis in central Sweden 1965-1983. A population-based epidemiological study.
Metabolic and health complications of obesity.
Proximal esophageal pH-metry in patients with 'reflux laryngitis'.
Helicobacter pylori infection in pernicious anemia: a prospective controlled study.
The epidemiology of inflammatory bowel disease: a large, population-based study in Sweden.
Induction of pS2 and hSP genes as markers of mucosal ulceration of the digestive tract.
Colonic glycoproteins in monozygotic twins with inflammatory bowel disease.
A controlled trial of psychological treatment for the irritable bowel syndrome.
Multifocal colitis associated with an epidemic of chronic diarrhea.
Anorectal sensory and motor function in neurogenic fecal incontinence. Comparison between multiple sclerosis and diabetes mellitus.
Diarrhea in ciguatera fish poisoning: preliminary evaluation of pathophysiological mechanisms.
Selective intestinal decontamination prevents spontaneous bacterial peritonitis.
A rodent model of cirrhosis, ascites, and bacterial peritonitis.
Effect of V1-vasopressin receptor blockade on arterial pressure in conscious rats with cirrhosis and ascites.
Hypophosphatemia and renal tubular dysfunction in alcoholics. Are they related to liver function impairment?
Hepatic injury associated with small bowel bacterial overgrowth in rats is prevented by metronidazole and tetracycline.
Pulmonary hypertension complicating portal hypertension: prevalence and relation to splanchnic hemodynamics.
Recurrent acute fatty liver of pregnancy associated with a fatty-acid oxidation defect in the offspring.
Neutrophil dysfunction in glycogen storage disease Ib: association with Crohn's-like colitis.
Localization of calcitonin gene-related peptide in human esophageal Langerhans cells.
Hyperplastic polyps seen at sigmoidoscopy are markers for additional adenomas seen at colonoscopy.
Cirrhosis and portal hypertension in a patient with adult Niemann-Pick disease.
Mechanisms of gallstone formation in women. Effects of exogenous estrogen (Premarin) and dietary cholesterol on hepatic lipid metabolism.
Immunohistochemical demonstration of pancreatic secretory trypsin inhibitor in normal and neoplastic colonic mucosa.
Non-specific reactions in enzyme linked immunosorbent assays for serum antibody to entamoeba histolytica and Giardia lamblia in non-endemic areas.
Biphasic modulation of acetaminophen bioactivation and hepatotoxicity by pretreatment with the interferon inducer polyinosinic-polycytidylic acid.
Glutathione disulfide formation and oxidant stress during acetaminophen-induced hepatotoxicity in mice in vivo: the protective effect of allopurinol.
Experimental reduction of portal hypertension by mechanical increase of liver portal flow
Upper gastrointestinal bleeding in relation to previous use of analgesics and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs. Catalan Countries Study on Upper Gastrointestinal Bleeding
Gingival and cutaneous xanthomatosis associated with primary biliary cirrhosis. Report of a case.
Would you recognize celiac axis syndrome?
Cholecystokinin enhanced hepatobiliary scanning with ejection fraction calculation as an indicator of disease of the gallbladder.
Isoperistaltic intestinal lengthening for short bowel syndrome.
Differences in expression of cystic fibrosis in blacks and whites.
Pearson syndrome and mitochondrial encephalomyopathy in a patient with a deletion of mtDNA.
Immunochemical studies of ferrochelatase protein: characterization of the normal and mutant protein in bovine and human protoporphyria.
Pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of doxacurium in normal patients and in those with hepatic or renal failure.
Computerized identification of pathologic duodenogastric reflux using 24-hour gastric pH monitoring.
Cholangiocarcinoma complicating primary sclerosing cholangitis.
Safety and efficacy of laparoscopic cholecystectomy. A prospective analysis of 100 initial patients
Intra-abdominal abscess in regional enteritis.
Risks of intestinal anastomoses in Crohn's disease.
Liver transplantation in children.
New surgical approach to complicated gastroesophageal reflux disease: transthoracic parietal cell vagotomy.
Intrathoracic Nissen fundoplication: long-term clinical and pH-monitoring evaluation.
A tongue force measurement system for the assessment of oral-phase swallowing disorders.
Effect of aerosolized fibrin solution on intraperitoneal contamination.
Intussusception and the diagnostic value of testing stool for occult blood.
Oral indomethacin for acute renal colic.
Perianal streptococcal cellulitis with penile involvement.
Treatment of renal colic by prostaglandin synthetase inhibitors and avafortan (analgesic antispasmodic).
Limitation of transcatheter arterial chemoembolization using iodized oil for small hepatocellular carcinoma. A study in resected cases.
Differential alpha-fetoprotein lectin binding in hepatocellular carcinoma. Diagnostic utility at low serum levels.
Plasma thrombin-antithrombin III complexes in the diagnosis of primary hepatocellular carcinoma complicating liver cirrhosis.
A pilot study of intermediate-dose methotrexate and cytosine arabinoside, "spread-out" or "up-front," in continuation therapy for childhood non-T, non-B acute lymphoblastic leukemia. A Pediatric Oncology Group study.
Appraisal of gut lavage in the study of intestinal humoral immunity.
Jejunal immunoglobulin and antigliadin antibody secretion in adult coeliac disease.
Gastrointestinal intraluminal pH in normal subjects and those with colorectal adenoma or carcinoma.
In vitro anticolon antibody production by mucosal or peripheral blood lymphocytes from patients with ulcerative colitis [published erratum appears in Gut 1991 Apr;32(4):460]
Inflammatory bowel disease and tobacco smoke--a case-control study.
Rectal mucosal dysplasia in Crohn's disease.
Mortality and causes of death in Crohn's disease. Review of 50 years' experience in Leiden University Hospital.
Efficacy of biofeedback training in improving faecal incontinence and anorectal physiologic function.
Comparison of gall bladder bile and endoscopically obtained duodenal bile.
Strongyloides stercoralis associated with a bleeding gastric ulcer.
Isolated lipase and colipase deficiency in two brothers.
Stimulation of glucagon secretion by gastric inhibitory polypeptide in patients with hepatic cirrhosis and hyperglucagonemia.
Primary lymphoma of the liver: clinical and pathological features of 10 patients.
Gastric epithelium in the duodenum: its association with Helicobacter pylori and inflammation.
Helicobacter pylori in dyspeptic patients in Kuwait.
Omeprazole in H2 receptor antagonist-resistant reflux esophagitis.
The site of recurrent duodenal ulcer.
Treatment of duodenitis with cimetidine: a clinical, endoscopic, and histologic study.
Colonic volvulus as a complication of celiac sprue.
Six physicians with inflammatory bowel disease.
Erythrocyte sedimentation as a measure of Crohn's disease activity: opposite trends in ileitis versus colitis.
Bronchopulmonary involvement in ulcerative colitis.
Refractory parastomal ulcers: a multidisciplinary approach.
Biliary sludge: a critical update.
Spontaneous bacterial peritonitis due to Salmonella enteritidis in cirrhotic ascites.
Thoracic succussion splash: a new symptom and sign of achalasia.
Spinal epidural abscess: an unusual complication of a duodenal ulcer.
Hypergastrinemia, gastric endocrine cell hyperplasia, and intractable diarrhea.
Small bowel obstruction associated with a leiomyomatous uterus. A case report and review of the literature.
The management of postoperative chylous ascites. A case report and literature review.
Idiopathic sclerosing peritonitis in a man.
Cystic mesothelioma of peritoneum: occurrence in a man.
Ulcerative colitis and giant cell arteritis associated with sensorineural deafness
Skeletal scintigraphy in coeliac disease.
Treatment of severe colitis in Behcet's syndrome with thalidomide (CG-217).
Gall-bladder perforation after long-term dapsone therapy.
Changes in the basal dendrites of cortical pyramidal cells from alcoholic patients--a quantitative Golgi study.
Gallbladder perforation: correlation of cholescintigraphic and sonographic findings with the Niemeier classification.
Supportive evidence for the validity of the epidemiologic necropsy for gallstones
Emergency center ultrasonography in the evaluation of hemoperitoneum: a prospective study.
Congenital hepatic fibrosis in autosomal-dominant polycystic kidney disease.
Persistent rectal ulcer associated with human papillomavirus type 33 in a patient with AIDS: successful treatment with isotretinoin.
Typhlitis due to Balantidium coli in captive lowland gorillas.
Collagenous colitis: report of nine cases and review of the literature.
The efficacy of palliative and definitive percutaneous versus surgical drainage of pancreatic abscesses and pseudocysts: a prospective study of 85 patients.
Flexible sigmoidoscopy as a screening procedure in rural patients.
Hepatobiliary manifestations of the acquired immune deficiency syndrome.
Colonoscopic fine needle aspiration cytology in the diagnosis of ileocecal tuberculosis.
Bleeding ectatic vascular lesion involving the sigmoid colon, endoscopically indistinguishable from angiodysplasia, in an 8-yr-old boy.
Upper gastrointestinal bleeding in dengue fever.
Sequential esophageal motility studies after endoscopic injection sclerotherapy: a prospective investigation.
Pharmacokinetics of famotidine after intravenous administration in liver disease.
Reduction in hepatic venous pressure gradient as a consequence of volume contraction due to chronic administration of spironolactone in patients with cirrhosis and no ascites.
Short-term course of corticosteroids in the treatment of resistant ascites complicating schistosomal liver disease.
The combination of prednisone and colchicine in patients with primary sclerosing cholangitis.
Clinical evaluation of plasma abnormal prothrombin (des-gamma-carboxy prothrombin) in hepatobiliary malignancies and other diseases.
Spontaneous rupture of hepatocellular carcinoma: a review of 172 Japanese cases.
Modified Kraske approach for disease of the mid-rectum.
Disseminated Pneumocystis carinii infection with hepatic involvement in a patient with the acquired immune deficiency syndrome.
Nodular regenerative hyperplasia: a cause of ascites and hepatomegaly after chemotherapy for leukemia.
Chylous ascites due to sarcoidosis.
Enteroliths causing intermittent obstruction in a patient with Crohn's disease.
Successful prophylaxis for fungal peritonitis in patients on continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis: six years' experience [published erratum appears in Am J Kidney Dis 1991 Jun;17(6):726]
Chemical peritonitis secondary to intraperitoneal vancomycin.
Ascites revealing peritoneal and hepatic extramedullary hematopoiesis with peliosis in agnogenic myeloid metaplasia: case report and review of the literature.
Endoscopic sclerotherapy in extrahepatic portal hypertension in pregnancy.
A comparative study of gastrointestinal infections in United States soldiers receiving doxycycline or mefloquine for malaria prophylaxis.
Transmission of Rift Valley fever virus by adult mosquitoes after ingestion of virus as larvae [published erratum appears in Am J Trop Med Hyg 1991 Jun;44(6):580]
The current spectrum of peptic ulcer disease in the older age groups.
Sinistral (left-sided) portal hypertension.
Fine needle aspiration of pancreatic fluid collections.
The intracolonic bypass tube for left colon and rectal trauma. The avoidance of a colostomy.
One-stage repair of colovaginal fistula complicating acute diverticulitis.
The importance of intraoperative cholangiography during laparoscopic cholecystectomy.
The clinical significance of fluid collections in acute pancreatitis.
Inguinal hernia complicating flexible sigmoidoscopy.
Gallbladder wall thickening (congestive cholecystopathy) in chronic liver disease: a sign of portal hypertension.
Microsurgical epididymovasostomy by tubule intussusception: a new technique in rat model.
Plasma glucagon concentration in cirrhosis is related to liver function but not to portal-systemic shunting, systemic vascular resistance, or urinary sodium excretion.
Mesenteric blood flow in patients with diabetic neuropathy.
The effects of nonthyroid disease and drugs on thyroid function tests.
Elevated plasma aluminum levels in normal infants receiving antacids containing aluminum.
GI symptoms, function, and psychophysiological arousal in dysmenorrheic women.
Pancreatic response to percutaneous biliary drainage: a prospective study.
Gastric emptying in infants and children: limited utility of 1-hour measurement.
Gallstone lithotripsy: relevant physical principles and technical issues.
Rectal strictures: treatment with fluoroscopically guided balloon dilation.
Air in the fissure for the ligamentum teres: new sign of intraperitoneal air on plain radiographs.
Benign and malignant nodules in cirrhotic livers: distinction based on blood supply.
Extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy of gallstones: results and 6-month follow-up in 141 patients.
Liver cirrhosis: changes of Doppler waveform of hepatic veins [published erratum appears in Radiology 1991 Aug;100(2):586]
Gastric antral vascular ectasia ("watermelon stomach"): radiologic findings.
Acute lower respiratory tract infections in hospitalized patients with diarrhea in Dhaka, Bangladesh.
Achieving pH control in the critically ill patient: the role of continuous infusion of H2-receptor antagonists.
Hemodynamic effects of H2-receptor antagonists.
Use of H2-receptor antagonists in children.
Sclerotherapy for esophageal varices.
Pathophysiologic changes in the critically ill patient: risk factors for ulceration and altered drug metabolism.
Ondansetron: a new entity in emesis control.
Pathophysiology, monitoring, and management of the ventilator-dependent patient: considerations for drug therapy, emphasis on stress ulcer prophylaxis.
Surgical management of nonparasitic cystic liver disease.
Glucose intolerance and hyperinsulinemia of cirrhosis are not results of spontaneous or surgical portosystemic shunting.
Prospective study of a prosthetic H-graft portacaval shunt.
Why does somatostatin cause gallstones?
A prospective longitudinal study of observation versus surgical intervention in the management of necrotizing pancreatitis.
Proximal gastric vagotomy in the emergency treatment of bleeding duodenal ulcer.
Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug use and increased risk for peptic ulcer disease in elderly persons.
The Munich Gallbladder Lithotripsy Study. Results of the first 5 years with 711 patients.
Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and peptic ulcer disease.
Microbiological studies of the enterocolitis of Hirschsprung's disease.
Psychological characteristics of children with Shwachman syndrome.
Fatal embolization of intestinal contents through a duodenocaval fistula.
Early antibiotic treatment of reactive arthritis associated with enteric infections: clinical and serological study.
Stationary vs. mapping manometry in evaluating dysphagia.
Radiographic techniques and efficacy in evaluating esophageal dysphagia.
Scleroderma esophagus.
Esophageal motility, heartburn, and gastroesophageal reflux: variations in clinical presentation of esophageal dysphagia.
Symptoms of achalasia in young women mistaken as indicating primary anorexia nervosa.
Palliation of malignant esophageal obstruction.
Esophageal perforation during pneumatic dilatation for achalasia: a possible association with malnutrition.
Prevalence of Helicobacter pylori in specific forms of gastritis. Further evidence supporting a pathogenic role for H. pylori in chronic nonspecific gastritis.
Modulation of mediator release from human intestinal mast cells by sulfasalazine and 5-aminosalicylic acid.
Rectal irrigation with short-chain fatty acids for distal ulcerative colitis. Preliminary report.
Gallstone dissolution with methyl tert-butyl ether in 120 patients--efficacy and safety.
Medical dissolution of gallstones. Clinical experience of d-limonene as a simple, safe, and effective solvent.
Evaluation of portal-systemic shunting in rats from mesenteric and splenic beds.
Treatment of pruritus of primary biliary cirrhosis with rifampin.
Achalasia in the elderly. Effects of aging on clinical presentation and outcome.
Prospective study on prevalence of esophageal chest pain in patients referred on an elective basis to a cardiac unit for suspected myocardial ischemia.
Ischemic colitis in a crack abuser.
Islet cell carcinoma of the pancreas presenting as bleeding from isolated gastric varices. Report of a case and review of the literature.
Pancreatic ascites presenting in infancy, with review of the literature.
Levels of the human hepatocyte growth factor in serum of patients with various liver diseases determined by an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay.
Distribution of cholesterol between vesicles and micelles in human gallbladder bile: influence of treatment with chenodeoxycholic acid and ursodeoxycholic acid.
Selective dopamine DA1 stimulation with fenoldopam in cirrhotic patients with ascites: a systemic, splanchnic and renal hemodynamic study.
Prophylactic sclerotherapy for esophageal varices: long-term results of a single-center trial.
Dual association of HLA DR2 and DR3 with primary sclerosing cholangitis.
Significance of natural polymerized albumin and its receptor in hepatitis B infection of hepatocytes.
Significance of anti-HBx antibodies in hepatitis B virus infection.
Hepatic histological findings after transplantation for chronic hepatitis B virus infection, including a unique pattern of fibrosing cholestatic hepatitis.
Assay of hepatitis B virus DNA by polymerase chain reaction and its relationship to pre-S- and S-encoded viral surface antigens.
Antibodies in anti-HBe-positive patient sera bind to an HBe protein expressed on the cell surface of human hepatoma cells: implications for virus clearance.
The VER as a diagnostic marker for childhood abdominal migraine.
Detection of hepatitis B virus DNA by polymerase chain reaction in plasma of volunteer blood donors negative for hepatitis B surface antigen.
Hepatopathy-thrombocytopenia syndrome--a complication of dactinomycin therapy for Wilms' tumor: a report from the United Kingdom Childrens Cancer Study Group.
Comparison of shunt fraction estimation using transcolonic iodine-123-iodoamphetamine and technetium-99m-pertechnetate in a group of dogs with experimentally-induced chronic biliary cirrhosis.
Bronchobiliary fistula detected by cholescintigraphy.
Quantification of hepatobiliary function as an integral part of imaging with technetium-99m-mebrofenin in health and disease.
Sjogren's syndrome and primary biliary cirrhosis: presence of autoantibodies to purified mitochondrial 2-OXO acid dehydrogenases.
Macroscopic and microscopic gut lesions in seronegative spondyloarthropathies.
Intestinal obstruction by distension of a Foley jejunostomy catheter.
Association of Escherichia coli HEp-2 adherence patterns with type and duration of diarrhoea.
Syncytial giant-cell hepatitis. Sporadic hepatitis with distinctive pathological features, a severe clinical course, and paramyxoviral features.
Spontaneous rupture of liver during pregnancy: current therapy.
Norwalk virus genome cloning and characterization.
Variceal rebleeding after portosystemic shunting. Strategies and solutions to a vexing problem.
Repeat operation for failure of antireflux procedures.
Reoperation for small intestinal obstruction.
Alkaline reflux gastritis.
Reoperation for failed gastric bypass procedures for obesity.
Surgical options in postgastrectomy syndromes.
Reoperation for recurrent peptic ulcer disease.
Reoperation versus alternatives in retained biliary calculi.
Emergency surgical treatment for nonvariceal bleeding of the upper part of the gastrointestinal tract.
Mechanical sutures in perforation of the thoracic esophagus as a safe procedure in patients seen late.
Incisional hernioplasty with Mersilene.
Gastroesophageal reflux and respiratory symptoms: is there an association? Proposed mechanisms and treatment.
Death, after swallowing and aspiration of a high number of foreign bodies, in a schizophrenic woman.
Late volume changes in retrosternal colon bypass.
Stercoral perforation of the colon.
Adrenergic control of the internal anal sphincter is abnormal in patients with idiopathic faecal incontinence.
Paraileostomy hernia: a clinical and radiological study.
Risk of cancer death in first-degree relatives of patients with hereditary non-polyposis cancer syndrome (Lynch type II): a study of 130 kindreds in the United Kingdom.
Achalasia of the cardia: long-term results of oesophagomyotomy and posterior partial fundoplication.
Surgical results of intrathoracic gastric volvulus complicating hiatal hernia.
Serum gastrin and blood glucose levels during halothane-nitrous oxide anaesthesia and strabismus surgery in children.
Antiemetic prophylaxis with promethazine or droperidol in paediatric outpatient strabismus surgery.
Maternal outcome after open fetal surgery. A review of the first 17 human cases.
Gallstone pancreatitis. Choosing and timing treatment.
Gynecomastia. A bothersome but readily treatable problem.
Endoscopy versus x-ray studies of the gastrointestinal tract: future health care implications.
High mortality among patients with the leukemoid reaction and alcoholic hepatitis.
Hepatocyte transplantation into the lung for treatment of acute hepatic failure in the rat.
Contributions of the Zollinger-Ellison syndrome.
Transduodenal sphincteroplasty with transampullary septectomy for stenosing papillitis.
Historical review of pancreaticoduodenectomy.
Neuroendocrine design of the gut.
The Roux operation for postgastrectomy syndromes.
Germfree animals and technics in surgical research.
Gastro-oesophageal reflux during elective laparoscopy.
Ichthyosis, exocrine pancreatic insufficiency, impaired neutrophil chemotaxis, growth retardation, and metaphyseal dysplasia (Shwachman syndrome). Report of a case with extensive skin lesions (clinical, histological, and ultrastructural findings).
A videofluoroscopy chair for the evaluation of dysphagia in patients with severe neuromotor disease.
Serological evidence of infection with Helicobacter pylori may predict gastrointestinal intolerance to non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) treatment in rheumatoid arthritis.
The long-term effects of radiation therapy on patients with ovarian dysgerminoma.
Primary and metastatic pulmonary meningioma.
Functional comparison between double and triple ileal loop pouches.
The role of sphincteroplasty for fecal incontinence reevaluated: a prospective physiologic and functional review.
Rectopexy is an ineffective treatment for obstructed defecation.
Treatment of anorectal abscess with or without primary fistulectomy. Results of a prospective randomized trial.
Anal sphincter function after intersphincteric resection and stapled ileal pouch-anal anastomosis.
A case of cecocolic intussusception with complete invagination and intussusception of the appendix with villous adenoma.
Treatment of obstructive pneumatosis coli with endoscopic sclerotherapy: report of a case.
Effect of motilin on gastric emptying in patients with diabetic gastroparesis.
Studies on autoimmunity for initiation of beta-cell destruction. VII. Evidence for antigenic changes on beta-cells leading to autoimmune destruction of beta-cells in BB rats.
Minor papilla cannulation and dorsal ductography in pancreas divisum.
Long-term follow-up in patients who have undergone balloon dilation for gastric outlet obstruction.
Endoscopic ultrasonography in diagnosis of the extent of gallbladder carcinoma.
Prospective randomized comparison of esophageal variceal sclerotherapy agents: sodium tetradecyl sulfate versus sodium morrhuate.
Endoscopic variceal ligation in patients who have failed endoscopic sclerotherapy.
Endoscopic and histologic appearance of the gastric mucosa in patients with portal hypertension.
Endoscopic findings in Yersinia enterocolitica enterocolitis.
Twelve hour overnight oesophageal pH monitoring in patients with reflux symptoms.
Effect of increasing Helicobacter pylori ammonia production by urea infusion on plasma gastrin concentrations.
Dissociation between systemic and mucosal humoral immune responses in coeliac disease.
Autoimmune enteropathy and colitis: is there a generalised autoimmune gut disorder?
Mycobacterium paratuberculosis and Crohn's disease.
Impaired sulphation of phenol by the colonic mucosa in quiescent and active ulcerative colitis.
5-Aminosalicylic acid is a potent inhibitor of interleukin 1 beta production in organ culture of colonic biopsy specimens from patients with inflammatory bowel disease.
Candidacidal activity of Crohn's disease neutrophils.
Mucosal characteristics of pelvic ileal pouches.
Alcohol consumption in patients with colorectal adenomatous polyps.
How bad are the symptoms and bowel dysfunction of patients with the irritable bowel syndrome? A prospective, controlled study with emphasis on stool form.
Coeliac disease and malignancy of the duodenum: diagnosis by endoscopy, successful treatment of the malignancy, and response to a gluten free diet.
Successful control of bleeding from gastric antral vascular ectasia (watermelon stomach) by laser photocoagulation.
Provision of gastrointestinal endoscopy and related services for a district general hospital. Working Party of the Clinical Services Committee of the British Society of Gastroenterology.
Role of mast cells in ion transport abnormalities associated with intestinal anaphylaxis. Correction of the diminished secretory response in genetically mast cell-deficient W/Wv mice by bone marrow transplantation.
Association between primary pulmonary hypertension and portal hypertension: analysis of its pathophysiology and clinical, laboratory and hemodynamic manifestations.
The prevalence of gallstone disease in very old institutionalized persons.
Immune competent cells of regional lymph nodes in colorectal cancer patients: I. Flow cytometric analysis of lymphocyte subpopulation.
Clinical management of gastric cancer and concomitant esophagogastric varices.
Self-management of dietary compliance in coeliac disease by means of ELISA "home test" to detect gluten.
Rice-based oral electrolyte solutions for the management of infantile diarrhea
Evidence for role of prostacyclin as a systemic hormone in portal hypertension.
A new method for mapping hepatic subsegment: counterstaining identification technique.
Cytologic criteria to distinguish hepatocellular carcinoma from nonneoplastic liver.
Nonpropulsive esophageal contractions and gastroesophageal reflux.
The symptom sensitivity index: a valuable additional parameter in 24-hour esophageal pH recording.
Radiographic evaluation of suspected small bowel obstruction.
Fine structure of active and healed duodenal ulcer.
Colonoscopy during an attack of severe ulcerative colitis is a safe procedure and of great value in clinical decision making.
Extracorporeal piezoelectric lithotripsy for complicated bile duct stones.
Exocrine pancreatic function in chronic liver diseases.
Prognostic factors in alcoholic liver disease. VA Cooperative Study Group.
Hemolytic anemia associated with the use of omeprazole.
Kawasaki-like syndrome after treatment with mesalazine.
Congenital duodenal diaphragm: conversion of stable chronic symptoms to subacute gastric outlet obstruction by penetrating foreign body.
Annular pancreas as a cause of extrahepatic biliary obstruction.
Endoscopic management of retained cystic duct stones.
Ten years' experience with continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis.
Group B streptococcus: an unusual cause of severe peritonitis in young children treated with continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis.
Umbilical cord ulceration and intestinal atresia: a new association?
Estrogen receptors in the external anal sphincter.
Longitudinal histopathologic assessment of rejection after bladder-drained canine pancreas allograft transplantation.
Ischemic colitis. An ever-changing spectrum?
Effect of oxygen-free radical scavengers on survival in sepsis.
Ileal pouch-anal anastomosis. The Emory University experience.
AIDS enteropathy: occult enteric infections and duodenal mucosal alterations in chronic diarrhea
Increased sympathetic outflow in cirrhosis and ascites: direct evidence from intraneural recordings.
Do life events or depression exacerbate inflammatory bowel disease? A prospective study.
Transvaginal approach for repair of rectovaginal fistulae complicating Crohn's disease.
Alanine aminotransferase in clinical practice. A review.
Parathyroid hormone secretion and target organ response in experimental acute pancreatitis.
Transient and distant infections alter later intraperitoneal abscess formation.
Pneumonia complicating abdominal sepsis. An independent risk factor for mortality.
Diagnosis and treatment of cytomegalovirus disease in transplant patients based on gastrointestinal tract manifestations.
The vagus nerve, gastric secretions, and their relationship to peptic ulcer disease.
Sexual behavior before AIDS: the hepatitis B studies of homosexual and bisexual men.
Recovery from disturbed colonic transit time after alcohol withdrawal.
Water and electrolyte balance after ileoanal anastomosis.
"Mini-perforation" of the colon--not all postpolypectomy perforations require laparotomy.
Anorectal dysfunction in patients with urologic disturbance due to multiple sclerosis.
The value of the rectus abdominis myocutaneous flap in the treatment of complex perineal fistula.
The ileosigmoid knot.
Crohn's disease and adenocarcinoma of the intestinal tract. Report of four cases.
Colonic histoplasmosis in acquired immunodeficiency syndrome. Report of two cases.
Incarceration of colonoscope in an inguinal hernia. "Pulley" technique of removal.
A rare cause of colitis--Brucella melitensis. Report of a case.
Chronic anal fissure. A new method of treatment by anoplasty.
Gender differences in Manning criteria in the irritable bowel syndrome.
Impairment of esophageal emptying with hiatal hernia.
Role of leukotriene C4 in mucosal damage caused by necrotizing agents and indomethacin in the rat stomach.
Omeprazole 20 mg three days a week and 10 mg daily in prevention of duodenal ulcer relapse. Double-blind comparative trial.
Small intestinal transit in the portal hypertensive rat.
L-glutamine stimulates jejunal sodium and chloride absorption in pig rotavirus enteritis.
Increased uptake of bromodeoxyuridine by hepatocytes from early stage of primary biliary cirrhosis.
Glucose and fat metabolism during short-term starvation in cirrhosis.
Ascites increases the resting energy expenditure in liver cirrhosis.
High-protein ascites in patients with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Expression of leukocyte adhesion molecules in the liver of patients with chronic hepatitis B virus infection.
Interferon alfa therapy in patients with chronic hepatitis B virus infection. Effects on hepatitis B virus DNA in the liver.
Prognosis of Wilsonian chronic active hepatitis.
Characterization of a rat pancreatic secretory protein associated with pancreatitis.
Incidence of gallstones in a Danish population.
The role of continued drinking in loss of portal perfusion after distal splenorenal shunt.
Hereditary internal anal sphincter myopathy causing proctalgia fugax and constipation. A newly identified condition.
Microvillus inclusion disease. In vitro jejunal electrolyte transport.
Primary biliary cirrhosis: paradigm or paradox for autoimmunity.
Electrophysiology of motor pathways for sphincter control in multiple sclerosis.
Prognostic significance of proteinuria one year after onset of diarrhea-associated hemolytic-uremic syndrome.
Prostaglandin E2-induced diarrhea in mice: importance of colonic secretion.
Hepatic portal venous gas identified by computed tomography in a patient with blunt abdominal trauma: a case report.
Treatment of refractory oral candidiasis with fluconazole. A case report.
Enteroclysis and small bowel series: comparison of radiation dose and examination time.
Gallbladder perforation and bile leakage: percutaneous treatment.
Peptic ulcer disease: CT evaluation.
Diagnostic fine-needle puncture of the gallbladder with US guidance
Asialoglycoprotein receptor function in benign liver disease: evaluation with MR imaging.
Percutaneous rotational contact biliary lithotripsy: initial clinical results with the Kensey Nash lithotrite.
Extrauterine findings of ectopic pregnancy of transvaginal US: importance of echogenic fluid.
Antropyloric muscle thickness at US in infants: what is normal?
Effect of portasystemic shunts on subsequent transplantation of the liver.
Modified technique of Pringle's maneuver in resection of the liver.
Late cholangitis after successful surgical repair of biliary atresia.
Iron and the liver.
Sulphasalazine and prednisone compared with sulphasalazine for treating active Crohn disease. A double-blind, randomized, multicenter trial.
Endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography in infantile cholestasis.
Audit of results of operations for infantile pyloric stenosis in a district general hospital
Bleeding from duodenal lymphangiectasia.
Intraperitoneal femoral venous catheter insertion with free blood return in presence of tense hemoperitoneum.
Miliary tuberculosis presenting as hepatic and renal failure.
Management of an extensive tracheoesophageal fistula by cervical esophageal exclusion.
Medical treatment of esophageal achalasia. Double-blind crossover study with oral nifedipine, verapamil, and placebo
Management of dysphagia in suspected esophageal motor disorders
Reevaluation of manometric criteria for vigorous achalasia. Is this a distinct clinical disorder?
Esophageal candidiasis in AIDS. Successful therapy with clotrimazole vaginal tablets taken by mouth.
Effect of intraesophageal location and muscarinic blockade on balloon distension-induced chest pain.
Natural killer cell activity in patients with liver cirrhosis relative to severity of liver damage.
Demonstration of two distinct subsets of gastric varices. Observations during a seven-year study of endoscopic sclerotherapy.
Bile acids in human plasma interfere with cholecystokinin bioassay using dispersed pancreatic acini.
Biliary pain in postcholecystectomy patients without biliary obstruction. A prospective radionuclide study.
Ulcerative colitis disease activity as subjectively assessed by patient-completed questionnaires following orthotopic liver transplantation for sclerosing cholangitis.
Usefulness of fecal alpha 1-antitrypsin clearance and fecal concentration as early indicator of postoperative asymptomatic recurrence in Crohn's disease.
Endometriosis. An important condition in clinical gastroenterology.
Acute porphyria presenting with hyperamylasemia.
Severe hemorrhagic radiation proctitis advancing to gradual cessation with hyperbaric oxygen.
Duodenal-caval fistula.
Elevated intracranial pressure and computed tomography of the brain in fulminant hepatocellular failure.
Carbon tetrachloride-induced alterations of hepatic calmodulin and free calcium levels in rats pretreated with chlordecone.
Circulating tumor necrosis factor, interleukin-1 and interleukin-6 concentrations in chronic alcoholic patients.
Regulation of insulin-like growth factor II gene expression by hepatitis B virus in hepatocellular carcinoma.
Interferon-alpha receptor expression and regulation in chronic hepatitis B virus infection.
A rat model of esophageal varices.
Pancreatic pseudocyst in the left hepatic lobe: a report of two cases.
Outcome of hepatitis B virus infection in homosexual men and its relation to prior human immunodeficiency virus infection.
A field study of the safety and efficacy of two candidate rotavirus vaccines in a Native American population.
Measles-associated diarrhea in hospitalized children in Lima, Peru: pathogenic agents and impact on growth.
Diffuse-adhering Escherichia coli (DAEC) as a putative cause of diarrhea in Mayan children in Mexico.
Yersinia enterocolitica O:3: an emerging cause of pediatric gastroenteritis in the United States. The Yersinia enterocolitica Collaborative Study Group.
Preexposure of the peritoneum to live bacteria increases later mixed intraabdominal abscess formation and delays mortality.
Obesity and colorectal adenomatous polyps.
Should alcoholics compete equally for liver transplantation?
Alcoholics and liver transplantation. The Ethics and Social Impact Committee of the Transplant and Health Policy Center.
Collagenous colitis as a cause of chronic diarrhea.
Recurrent peritonitis: evidence for possible viral etiology.
Two cases of adult T-cell leukemia associated with acute pancreatitis due to hypercalcemia.
Intestinal cryptosporidiosis: pathophysiologic alterations and specific cellular and humoral immune responses in rnu/+ and rnu/rnu (athymic) rats.
Isoenzyme profiles of four strains of Giardia lamblia and their infectivity to jirds.
Rupture of the oesophagus during cricoid pressure
The role of a critical care unit in an epidemic.
Poisoning with equine phenylbutazone in a racetrack worker.
Propofol as an i.v. anaesthetic induction agent in variegate porphyria.
A simple score for the identification of patients at high risk of organic diseases of the colon in the family doctor consulting room. The Local IBS Study Group.
Hepatocyte expression of HBcAg and serum HBeAg in hepatitis B: comparison of polyclonal and monoclonal antibodies during a trial of interferon.
Evaluation of the pre-S (pre-S(1)Ag/pre-S(2)Ab) system in hepatitis B virus infection.
Breakdown of gastric mucus in presence of Helicobacter pylori.
Retrospective application of prognostic indices to pancreatitis discovered at necropsy.
Gross and microscopic changes in the viscera induced by photodynamic therapy applied to the lower abdomen of intact rats.
Valproate metabolism during hepatotoxicity associated with the drug.
Diltiazem therapy for symptoms associated with nutcracker esophagus.
Colon interposition for esophageal disease: histologic finding of colonic mucosa after a follow-up of 5 months to 15 years.
A topographical relationship between Helicobacter pylori and gastritis: quantitative assessment of Helicobacter pylori in the gastric mucosa.
Gluten challenge in patients with celiac disease: evaluation of alpha 1-antitrypsin clearance.
Undetected fatal acute pancreatitis: why is the disease so frequently overlooked?
Prolonged treatment of children with chronic hepatitis B with recombinant alpha 2a-interferon: a controlled, randomized study.
Cluster of fulminant hepatitis B in crack users.
The effects of vitamin K on the generation of des-gamma-carboxy prothrombin (PIVKA-II) in patients with hepatocellular carcinoma.
Gaucher's disease complicated by bleeding esophageal varices and colonic infiltration by Gaucher cells.
Use of plasmid profiles in the investigation of a patient with Helicobacter pylori infection and peptic ulcer disease.
Peritoneal blastomycosis.
Ehlers-Danlos syndrome type IV: diagnosis and therapy of associated bowel perforation.
Perforation and tumor formation of the intestine in primary amyloidosis.
Cerebrovascular complications of inflammatory bowel disease.
Giardia lamblia infestation reveals underlying Whipple's disease in a patient with longstanding constipation.
Epidermolysis bullosa acquisita and associated symptomatic esophageal webs.
Severe gastrointestinal hemorrhage in Crohn's disease.
Human liver regeneration after major hepatectomy. A study of liver volume by computed tomography.
A valved hepatic portoduodenal intestinal conduit for biliary atresia.
The peritoneal environment during infection. The effect of monomicrobial and polymicrobial bacteria on pO2 and pH.
Simultaneous bilateral hernia repair. A case against conventional wisdom.
Technique of photodynamic therapy for disseminated intraperitoneal malignant neoplasms. Phase I study.
Nosocomial outbreak of cryptosporidiosis in AIDS patients.
Magnetic resonance angiography of abdominal vessels: early experience using the three-dimensional phase-contrast technique.
Ultrasound in the investigation of the right iliac fossa mass.
Recurrence of Crohn's disease after resection.
Importance of the omentum in the development of intra-abdominal metastases.
Proximal gastric vagotomy: follow-up at 10-20 years.
Gastric adaptive relaxation and symptoms after vagotomy.
Peptic ulcer surgery during the H2-receptor antagonist era: a population-based epidemiological study of ulcer surgery in Helsinki from 1972 to 1987.
Correlation between laboratory findings and clinical outcome after restorative proctocolectomy: serial studies in 20 patients with end-to-end pouch-anal anastomosis.
Stools containing altered blood-plasma urea: creatinine ratio as a simple test for the source of bleeding.
Changes in anal canal sensation after childbirth.
Role of the protease-antiprotease balance in peritoneal exudate during acute pancreatitis.
Neonatal small bowel atresia, stenosis and segmental dilatation.
Advantages of a narrow-range, medium molecular weight hydroxyethyl starch for volume maintenance in a porcine model of fecal peritonitis
Incontinence and rectal prolapse: a prospective manometric study.
Vascular responsiveness in obstructed gut.
Clostridium difficile--a common and costly colitis.
Loop ileostomy after ileal pouch-anal anastomosis--is it necessary?
Surgical treatment of low rectovaginal fistulas.
Dysplasia and DNA aneuploidy in a pelvic pouch. Report of a case.
Geriatric constipation: brief update on a common problem.
Hyposensitivity to vasopressin in patients with hepatitis B-related cirrhosis during acute variceal hemorrhage.
Expression of X protein and hepatitis B virus replication in chronic hepatitis.
Development and application of an in vitro model for screening anti-hepatitis B virus therapeutics.
Transcatheter oily chemoembolization in the management of advanced hepatocellular carcinoma in cirrhosis: results of a Western comparative study in 60 patients.
The role of methanethiol in the pathogenesis of hepatic encephalopathy.
Markers of chronic alcohol ingestion in patients with nonalcoholic steatohepatitis: an aid to diagnosis.
Hepatic amino-nitrogen clearance to urea-nitrogen in control subjects and in patients with cirrhosis: a simplified method.
Autoantibodies in primary biliary cirrhosis: analysis of reactivity against eukaryotic and prokaryotic 2-oxo acid dehydrogenase complexes.
Quantitation of intrinsic drug-metabolizing capacity in human liver biopsy specimens: support for the intact-hepatocyte theory.
In micronodular cirrhosis, hepatocytes retain a normal C-25 hydroxylation capacity toward vitamin D3: a study using the rat carbon tetrachloride-induced cirrhotic model.
Rapid induction of hepatic fibrosis in the gerbil after the parenteral administration of iron-dextran complex.
Regulation of collagen production in freshly isolated cell populations from normal and cirrhotic rat liver: effect of lactate.
Trolox protects rat hepatocytes against oxyradical damage and the ischemic rat liver from reperfusion injury.
Temporal relationship between the decrease in arterial pressure and sodium retention in conscious spontaneously hypertensive rats with carbon tetrachloride-induced cirrhosis.
Infantile form of carnitine palmitoyltransferase II deficiency with hepatomuscular symptoms and sudden death. Physiopathological approach to carnitine palmitoyltransferase II deficiencies.
Apical secretion of lysosomal enzymes in rabbit pancreas occurs via a secretagogue regulated pathway and is increased after pancreatic duct obstruction.
Gastrointestinal dysfunction and disaccharide intolerance in children infected with human immunodeficiency virus.
Fundoplication and gastrostomy in familial dysautonomia.
Prune belly syndrome in females: a triad of abdominal musculature deficiency and anomalies of the urinary and genital systems.
Relationships of somatic symptoms to behavioral and emotional risk in young adolescents.
Blood contacts during surgical procedures
Laparoscopic cholecystectomy
Polyglucosan body disease.
Abnormal liver enzyme levels. Evaluation in asymptomatic patients.
Pancreatic pseudocysts. When to drain, when to wait.
Chilaiditi's syndrome. A diagnostic challenge.
Peptic ulcer disease. How to treat it now.
Long-term medical consequences of incest, rape, and molestation.
Duodenal stricture: a complication of chronic fibrocalcific pancreatitis.
Postanginal sepsis with dysphagia.
A complex ileovaginal fistula with associated obstructive uropathy in a patient with Crohn's disease: technical considerations and review of the literature.
Spontaneous rupture of the stomach in an adult.
Gastric infarction.
Late arterial hemorrhage secondary to a Greenfield filter requiring operative intervention.
Possible transmission of serum hepatitis in liver surgery with the ultrasonic dissector.
The role of cholecystokinin in the pathogenesis of acute pancreatitis in the isolated pancreas preparation.
Cystic dilatation of the cystic duct: a new type of biliary cyst.
Malignant melanoma of the biliary tract: a case report.
Inflammatory pseudotumor of the liver.
Lymphoma of the gastric stump: report of a case.
Gastroesophageal reflux in infants.
Neuromuscular disease of the gastrointestinal tract.
Evaluation of hepatocellular carcinoma aggressiveness by a panel of extracellular matrix antigens.
Emergency laparoscopy.
Laparoscopic cholecystectomy.
A new technique of surgical treatment of chronic duodenal ulcer without laparotomy by videocoelioscopy.
Laparoscopic cholecystectomy using intracorporeal lithotripsy.
Safe performance of difficult laparoscopic cholecystectomies.
The Los Angeles experience with laparoscopic cholecystectomy.
The Baltimore experience with laparoscopic management of acute cholecystitis.
Training, credentialling, and granting of clinical privileges for laparoscopic general surgery.
Atracurium decay and the formation of laudanosine in humans.
Cross-national changes in the effects of peptic ulcer disease.
Infections in HIV-infected travelers: risks and prevention.
Raised urinary secretory IgA in chronic diarrhoea.
Rationale and efficacy of conservative therapy for gastroesophageal reflux disease.
Effect of marked peripheral leukocytosis on the leukocyte count in ascites.
Suboptimal response to hepatitis B vaccine in drug users.
Immune complexes in the choroid plexus in liver cirrhosis.
Intussusception encephalopathy: an underrecognized cause of coma in children.
Integration of hepatitis B vaccination into rural African primary health care programmes.
A pilot study of suramin in the treatment of metastatic renal cell carcinoma.
Tissue distribution of 2-3 and 2-6 sialyl Lewis A antigens and significance of the ratio of two antigens for the differential diagnosis of malignant and benign disorders of the digestive tract.
Clinical observation on the association of gallstones and colorectal cancer.
Serum ferritin and stomach cancer risk among a Japanese population.
Surgical and prosthesis-related complications using the Groningen button voice prosthesis.
The effectiveness of double-gloving in otolaryngology.
Glomerular binding and contractile response to angiotensin II in rats with chronic experimental cirrhosis of the liver.
Indocyanine green elimination in patients with liver disease and in normal subjects.
Therapeutic options in acute diverticulitis.
Hepatic metabolism of cholesterol in Crohn's disease. Effect of partial resection of ileum.
Systemic and renal production of thromboxane A2 and prostacyclin in decompensated liver disease and hepatorenal syndrome.
Portacaval shunt versus endoscopic sclerotherapy in the elective treatment of variceal hemorrhage.
Fulminant hepatitis B: induction by hepatitis B virus mutants defective in the precore region and incapable of encoding e antigen.
Overt hepatic encephalopathy precipitated by zinc deficiency.
Nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drug-induced colonic strictures: a case report.
Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy and acute fatty liver of pregnancy. An unusual but favorable association?
Does auxiliary heterotopic liver transplantation reverse hypersplenism and portal hypertension?
Clinical differentiation of fulminant Wilsonian hepatitis from other causes of hepatic failure.
Hypertrophic smooth muscle in the partially obstructed opossum esophagus. The model: histological and ultrastructural observations.
Nocturnal intragastric acidity during and after a period of dosing with either ranitidine or omeprazole.
A monoclonal antibody against the CD18 leukocyte adhesion molecule prevents indomethacin-induced gastric damage in the rabbit.
Gastric injury and invasion of parietal cells by spiral bacteria in rhesus monkeys. Are gastritis and hyperchlorhydria infectious diseases?
Disturbed gastroduodenal motility in patients with active and healed duodenal ulceration.
Intestinal vascular sensitivity to vasopressin in portal hypertensive rats.
Role of free radicals and platelet-activating factor in the genesis of intestinal motor disturbances induced by Escherichia coli endotoxins in rats.
Colonic motor activity in acute colitis in conscious dogs.
Comparison of collagen propeptides as growth markers in children with inflammatory bowel disease.
Adenovirus colitis in the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Irritable bowel syndrome in office-based practice in the United States.
The role of the mast cell in clinical gastrointestinal disease with special reference to systemic mastocytosis.
Further notes on Munchausen's syndrome: a case report of a change from acute abdominal to neurological type.
Economic barriers to the use of oral rehydration therapy. A case report
Ultrasonic imaging of the abdomen. Report of the ultrasonography task force. Council on Scientific Affairs, American Medical Association.
Hepatitis B vaccination and interleukin 2 receptor expression in chronic renal failure.
Treatment of hepatitis B virus-associated membranous nephropathy with adenine arabinoside and thymic extract.
A coproporphyria-like syndrome induced by glipizide.
Effects of aging on the swallowing mechanism.
A rational attitude toward serum alanine aminotransferase measurement by blood banks, based on a longitudinal study of a cohort of repeat blood donors.
Detection of active intraabdominal arterial hemorrhage: value of dynamic contrast-enhanced CT.
Diagnosis of pneumoperitoneum on supine abdominal radiographs.
Imaging the gallbladder: a historical perspective.
Amyloidosis of the small intestine: findings on double-contrast radiographs.
Capillary refilling (skin turgor) in the assessment of dehydration.
Neonatal hepatitis and extrahepatic biliary atresia associated with cytomegalovirus infection in twins.
Esophageal motility in children with Hirschsprung's disease.
Benefit of ketotifen in patients with eosinophilic gastroenteritis.
Posterior colporrhaphy and perineorrhaphy: separate and distinct operations.
Neonatal diarrhea at a maternity hospital in Rangoon
Delayed presentation of intrapericardial diaphragmatic hernia, an unusual cause of colon obstruction.
Spontaneous rupture of the spleen in initial presentation of Hodgkin's disease.
Endoscopic laser surgery. A single-center comprehensive experience.
Preperitoneal herniorrhaphy for the acutely incarcerated groin hernia.
Is primary repair of gastroschisis and omphalocele always the best operation?
Volvulus of the colon.
Spontaneous pneumoperitoneum. A surgical dilemma.
Long-term remission of chronic hepatitis B after alpha-interferon therapy.
Rectal examination in patients with pain in the right lower quadrant of the abdomen
Management of childhood diarrhoea by pharmacists and parents: is Britain lagging behind the Third World?
Barium meals in the elderly--a quality reassurance.
Artificial urinary sphincters around intestinal segments--are they safe?
Should urologists wear spectacles for transurethral resection of the prostate?
Extracolonic malignancies in inflammatory bowel disease.
Treatment of squamous cell carcinoma of the anal canal.
Deceptive bizarre stromal cells in polyps and ulcers of the gastrointestinal tract.
Laparoscopic cholecystectomy: an initial report.
Assessment of dilation methods in achalasia: large diameter mercury bougienage followed by pneumatic dilation as needed.
Utility of upper endoscopy in the evaluation of noncardiac chest pain.
Role of laparoscopy in the evaluation of patients with suspected hepatic or peritoneal malignancy.
Percutaneous cholangioscopic or transpapillary insertion of self-expanding biliary metal stents.
Endoscopic treatment of biliary tract strictures in sclerosing cholangitis: a larger series and recommendations for treatment.
Somatostatin prevents acute pancreatitis after pancreatic duct sphincter hydrostatic balloon dilation in patients with idiopathic recurrent pancreatitis.
The effect of long-acting somatostatin analogue on enzyme changes after endoscopic pancreatography.
Prognostic significance of the white nipple sign in variceal bleeding.
The potential and limitations of laser photoablation of colorectal adenomas.
Proposal of a modified scintigraphic method to evaluate duodenogastroesophageal reflux.
Clinical management of the complications of HIV infection.
Cytomegalovirus colitis in AIDS: presentation in 44 patients and a review of the literature.
Cytomegalovirus colitis and wasting.
Comparison of levels of several human microsomal cytochrome P-450 enzymes and epoxide hydrolase in normal and disease states using immunochemical analysis of surgical liver samples.
Decreasing the risk of human immunodeficiency virus or hepatitis B virus infection during endoscopic surgery.
Appendiceal carcinoma masquerading as primary bladder carcinoma.
The effect of diaper type and overclothing on fecal contamination in day-care centers [published erratum appears in JAMA 1991 Jun 5;265(21):2810]
Successful hyperlipemic pregnancy.
Vaccination against hepatitis B and protection against chronic viral carriage in The Gambia.
Dental enamel defects in first-degree relatives of coeliac disease patients.
Hyperdynamic circulation in cirrhosis: a role for nitric oxide?
Diagnosis of magnesium-induced diarrhea
Celiac disease, brain atrophy, and dementia.
Radiology of esophagitis: a pattern approach.
Early carcinoma of the gallbladder: macroscopic features and US findings.
Gallbladder varices: imaging findings in patients with portal hypertension.
Miscellaneous adverse effects of low-versus high-osmolality contrast media: a study revised
Pelvic floor descent in women: dynamic evaluation with fast MR imaging and cinematic display.
US-guided fine-needle aspiration biopsy of gallbladder masses.
Ischemic intestinal complications in patients with burns.
Choledocholithiasis in Chinese immigrants with cholelithiasis.
Disorders of esophageal motility.
Delayed pharyngoesophageal perforation: a complication of anterior spine surgery.
Changes in the postenteropathic form of the hemolytic uremic syndrome in children.
Intracatheter streptokinase for recurrent peritonitis in CAPD.
Pneumococcal peritonitis complicating CAPD--was the indwelling intrauterine device to blame?
Resolution of cirrhotic glomerulonephritis following successful liver transplantation.
Furosemide absorption in patients with cirrhosis.
Pharmacokinetics and protein binding of cefpiramide in patients with alcoholic cirrhosis.
Anorectal surgery in the HIV+ patient: update.
Comparison of anterior sphincteroplasty and postanal repair in the treatment of idiopathic fecal incontinence.
The effect of posterior rectopexy on fecal continence. A prospective study.
The risk of lymph node metastasis in colorectal polyps with invasive adenocarcinoma.
What affects continence after anterior resection of the rectum?
Drug-induced colonic pseudo-obstruction. Report of a case.
Omeprazole. Overview and opinion.
Unique features of Helicobacter pylori disease in children.
Pathogenetic role of Helicobacter pylori in duodenal ulcer disease. Multivariate analysis of factors affecting relapse.
Gastroduodenal mucosal prostaglandin generation in patients with Helicobacter pylori before and after treatment with bismuth subsalicylate.
Eosinophil infiltration and degranulation in Helicobacter pylori-associated chronic gastritis.
Controlled trial of antimycobacterial therapy in Crohn's disease. Clofazimine versus placebo.
Inflammatory bowel disease induced by combined bacterial immunization and oral carrageenan in guinea pigs. Model development, histopathology, and effects of sulfasalazine.
Prevalence of inflammatory bowel disease in family members of Jewish Crohn's disease patients in Israel.
Pilot study of sandostatin (octreotide) therapy of refractory HIV-associated diarrhea.
Metastatic carcinoma of the gallbladder from renal cancer presenting as intraluminal polypoid mass.
Kaposi's sarcoma of the colon in a young HIV-negative woman with Crohn's disease.
Intestinal pseudoobstruction secondary to amyloidosis responsive to cisapride.
Tuberculosis of the esophagus.
Esophageal involvement in pemphigus vulgaris: a clinical, histologic, and immunopathologic study.
Dysphagia and esophageal motor dysfunction in gastroesophageal reflux are corrected by fundoplication.
Crack-related perforated gastropyloric ulcer.
Endoscopy in the diagnosis of gastrointestinal Mycobacterium avium-intracellulare infection.
Oral manifestations of Crohn's disease. An analysis of 79 cases.
A controlled trial of beclomethasone versus betamethasone enemas in distal ulcerative colitis.
Long-term treatment of Crohn's disease with cyclosporine: the effect of a very low dose on maintenance of remission.
Colonoscopy without prior preparation in mild to moderate active ulcerative colitis.
"Prokinetic" treatment of constipation-predominant irritable bowel syndrome: a placebo-controlled study of cisapride.
Pancreatic involvement in human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Gallbladder dynamics in patients with irritable bowel syndrome and essential dyspepsia.
Granulomatous hepatitis and fever of unknown origin. An 11-year experience of 23 cases with three years' follow-up.
Vasopressin-related bullous disease of the legs.
Cryptosporidium infection in acquired immunodeficiency syndrome: not always a poor prognosis.
Prevalence of ulcerative colitis in the Israeli kibbutz population.
A case of severe pancytopenia caused by ibuprofen.
Blunt trauma of the abdomen in children.
Absorption of carbon 13-labeled rice in milk by infants during acute gastroenteritis.
Milk protein enteropathy after acute infectious gastroenteritis: experimental and clinical observations.
Therapy for acute infectious diarrhea in children.
Vaccines and milk immunoglobulin concentrates for prevention of infectious diarrhea.
Estimates of morbidity and mortality rates for diarrheal diseases in American children.
Etiology and mechanisms of acute infectious diarrhea in infants in the United States.
Improved water and sodium absorption from oral rehydration solutions based on rice syrup in a rat model of osmotic diarrhea.
Glucose polymers as an alternative to glucose in oral rehydration solutions.
Cereal-based oral rehydration therapy. I. Clinical studies.
Cereal-based oral rehydration therapy. II. Strategic issues for its implementation in national diarrheal disease control programs.
Alanine-based oral rehydration therapy for infants with acute diarrhea.
Dietary management of acute childhood diarrhea: optimal timing of feeding and appropriate use of milks and mixed diets.
Refeeding of infants with acute diarrheal disease.
High incidence of hepatitis B infection and evolution of chronic hepatitis B infection in patients with advanced HIV infection.
Primary carcinoma of the gallbladder.
Intraoperative fine needle aspiration cytology of pancreatic lesions.
Treatment of severe peptic esophageal stricture with Roux-en-Y partial gastrectomy, vagotomy, and endoscopic dilation. A follow-up study
A prospective analysis of 1518 laparoscopic cholecystectomies. The Southern Surgeons Club.
Ogilvie's syndrome. Would you recognize it?
Managing dysphagia. Special problems in patients with neurologic disease.
Dyspareunia. Tracing the cause.
Treatment of hepatolithiasis: improvement of result by a systematic approach.
Catecholamine regulation of adipocyte lipolysis after surgery.
Cytologic patterns in juice from human pancreatic transplants: correlation with histologic findings in the graft.
Cerulein-induced pancreatitis in the ex vivo isolated perfused canine pancreas.
Primary solid neoplasms of the greater omentum.
Surgical correction of hydrothorax from diaphragmatic eventration in children on peritoneal dialysis.
Enhanced expression of CD2 antigen on lung T cells.
The fetus as a patient. Surgical considerations.
The role of bacteria in pigment gallstone disease.
Changes in high-energy phosphate metabolism and cell morphology in four models of acute experimental pancreatitis.
Experimental obliterative cholangitis. A model for the study of biliary atresia.
Surgical treatment of hydatid disease of the liver. A 20-year experience.
Effects of indomethacin on hepatogenic pulmonary angiodysplasia.
Dysphagia as a manifestation of occult hypoxemia. The role of oximetry during meal times.
Orthotopic liver transplantation for patients with hepatitis B virus-related liver disease
Incidence, determinants and significance of delayed clearance of serum HBsAg in chronic hepatitis B virus infection: a prospective study.
Determination of hepatitis B virus DNA in serum using the polymerase chain reaction: clinical significance and correlation with serological and biochemical markers.
Immune response of peripheral blood mononuclear cells to HBx-antigen of hepatitis B virus.
Incidence of parenchymal liver diseases in Denmark, 1981 to 1985: analysis of hospitalization registry data. The Danish Association for the Study of the Liver.
Urinary excretion of bile acid glucosides and glucuronides in extrahepatic cholestasis.
High cholestanol and low campesterol-to-sitosterol ratio in serum of patients with primary biliary cirrhosis before liver transplantation.
IgA triggers tumor necrosis factor alpha secretion by monocytes: a study in normal subjects and patients with alcoholic cirrhosis.
Impaired pressor reactivity in cirrhosis: evidence for a peripheral vascular defect.
Susceptibility to autoimmune chronic active hepatitis: human leukocyte antigens DR4 and A1-B8-DR3 are independent risk factors.
Evaluation of postprandial hyperemia in superior mesenteric artery and portal vein in healthy and cirrhotic humans: an operator-blind echo-Doppler study.
Biliary tract disease in rats with experimental small bowel bacterial overgrowth.
Effects of treadmill exercise on fuel metabolism in hepatic cirrhosis.
Transcatheter treatment of splenic artery aneurysms (SAA). Report of two cases.
Truncal vagotomy and pyloroplasty combined with valvular replacement in patients with ulcer disease.
A plasma protease which is expressed during supramaximal stimulation causes in vitro subcellular redistribution of lysosomal enzymes in rat exocrine pancreas.
Immunohistochemical demonstration of acetaldehyde-modified epitopes in human liver after alcohol consumption.
Enteroaggregative Escherichia coli elaborate a heat-stable enterotoxin demonstrable in an in vitro rabbit intestinal model.
The isolation and characterization of a Norwalk virus-specific cDNA.
In vitro model of intestinal crypt abscess. A novel neutrophil-derived secretagogue activity.
Acute upper gastrointestinal bleeding in elderly persons [clinical conference]
The response of human peritoneal macrophages to stimulation with bacteria isolated from episodes of continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis-related peritonitis.
Hepatic involvement in patients with human immunodeficiency virus infection: discrepancies between AIDS patients and those with earlier stages of infection.
Bacteriologic findings with ectopic pregnancy.
Biliary and pancreatic metastases of breast carcinoma: is surgical palliation indicated?
Dysphagia in patients with the post-polio syndrome
Tongue atrophy in mixed connective tissue disease.
Human breast milk contains bovine IgG. Relationship to infant colic?
Follow-up of infants treated with extracorporeal membrane oxygenation for newborn respiratory failure.
Sexually transmitted parasitic diseases.
Giardiasis [published erratum appears in Prim Care 1991 Jun;18(2):following xii]
Endoscopic nasobiliary catheter drainage in biliary and pancreatic disease.
Gastrointestinal complications after cardiac transplantation: a spectrum of diseases.
Chronic functional gastrointestinal symptoms in Holocaust survivors.
Idiopathic gastroparesis is associated with a multiplicity of severe dietary deficiencies.
Endoscopic assessment of chloroquine phosphate-induced damage to esophageal, gastric, and duodenal mucosa.
The prevalence of Helicobacter pylori infection in the Peoples Republic of China.
Long-term outcome of massive small bowel resection.
Alternate-day prednisone treatment and treatment maintenance in Crohn's disease.
The hands in alcoholic liver disease.
Endoscopic sclerotherapy for control of bleeding varices in children.
Prospective randomized study on the effect of ranitidine against injection ulcer after endoscopic injection sclerotherapy for esophageal varices.
Delayed subcapsular hematoma after percutaneous liver biopsy as a manifestation of warfarin toxicity.
Successful liver transplantation in a patient with a thrombosed portomesenteric system after multiple failed shunts.
Successful treatment of pancreatic pseudocyst with a somatostatin analogue and catheter drainage.
Pancreatic ascites: treatment by continuous somatostatin infusion.
Chronic diarrhea in essential mixed cryoglobulinemia: a manifestation of visceral vasculitis?
Diphenylhydantoin-induced hypogammaglobulinemia in a patient infected with human immunodeficiency virus.
Plasma HDL cholesterol concentrations are correlated to bile cholesterol saturation index in the African green monkey.
Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory gastropathy: from theory to practice.
p53 expression in colorectal tumors.
Abdominal sparganosis in Ecuador: a case report.
Treatment of travelers' diarrhea: ciprofloxacin plus loperamide compared with ciprofloxacin alone. A placebo-controlled, randomized trial
Corticosteroid use and peptic ulcer disease: role of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs.
The neglected medical history and therapeutic choices for abdominal pain. A nationwide study of 799 physicians and nurses.
Chronic alcoholic gastritis. Roles of alcohol and Helicobacter pylori.
Clinical evaluation of an algorithm for the interpretation of hyperamylasemia.
Pulmonary acinar development in diaphragmatic hernia.
Pneumatosis intestinalis and pneumoperitoneum complicating mixed connective tissue disease.
The usefulness of simultaneous determinations of glucosaminylation and fucosylation indices of alpha-fetoprotein in the differential diagnosis of neoplastic diseases of the liver.

