Salivary gland cancer. A case-control investigation of risk factors.
Pulmonary metastases from ameloblastoma of the mandible treated with cisplatin, adriamycin, and cyclophosphamide.
Periodontal disease and NIDDM in Pima Indians.
Cutaneous lesions of disseminated histoplasmosis in human immunodeficiency virus-infected patients.
Treatment of aggressive keratoacanthomas by radiotherapy.
Multiple oral and skin lesions occurring after treatment with penicillin.
Diagnosing periodontal diseases.
Reviewing nonsurgical periodontal therapy.
Surgical pocket reduction.
Using periodontal plastic surgery techniques.
Maintaining periodontal treatment.
Regenerating bone in clinical periodontics.
Dental implants used for periodontal patients.
Premolarization of a fractured maxillary first molar: a multidisciplinary treatment.
An esthetic approach to vertical root extrusion in a patient with an anterior open bite: report of case.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus and periodontal disease.
Proliferative mass found in the gingiva.
Treatment of the retained permanent molar.
Morbidity associated with incompletely erupted third molars in the line of mandibular fractures.
Invasive squamous cell carcinoma of the mandible presenting as a chronic osteomyelitis: report of a case.
Assessment of Proplast-Teflon disc replacements [published erratum appears in J Oral Maxillofac Surg 1991 Feb;49(2):220]
Factors associated with soft- and hard-tissue compromise of endosseous implants.
Detection of human papillomavirus-genomic DNA in oral epithelial dysplasias, oral smokeless tobacco-associated leukoplakias, and epithelial malignancies.
Contemporary management of a potentially lethal fetal anomaly: a successful perinatal approach to epignathus.
Capillary hemangioma of the maxilla. A report of two cases in which angiography and embolization were used.
Dental extraction for patients on oral anticoagulant therapy.
Oral squamous cell carcinoma arising in a patient with long-standing lichen planus. A case report.
Premature alveolar bone loss in Erdheim-Chester disease.
Dental abnormalities associated with familial expansile osteolysis: a clinical and radiographic study.
Differences between florid osseous dysplasia and chronic diffuse sclerosing osteomyelitis.
Contiguous enlarged dental follicles with histologic features resembling the WHO type of odontogenic fibroma
Hyaline ring granuloma: a distinct oral entity.
A dentist's dilemma: nonsurgical endodontic therapy or periapical surgery for teeth with apparent pulpal pathosis and an associated periapical radiolucent lesion.
A clarification on endodontic flare-ups [comment]
The radiologic morphology of asymptomatic temporomandibular joints.
The radiologic morphology of painful temporomandibular joints.
A comparative study of temporomandibular symptoms following mandibular advancement by bilateral sagittal split osteotomies: rigid versus nonrigid fixation.
A retrospective evaluation of 301 TMJ Proplast-Teflon implants.
Temporomandibular joint dysfunction and selected health parameters in the elderly.
A dentofacial deformity associated with incontinentia pigmenti: report of a case.
More unusual pigmentations of the gingiva.
Adult linear immunoglobulin A disease manifesting as desquamative gingivitis.
Interferon activation of latent natural killer cells and alteration in kinetics of target cell lysis: clinical implications for oral precancerous lesions.
Immunohistochemical study of oral lesions of lichen planus: diagnostic and pathophysiologic aspects.
Progressive osseous destruction as a complication of HIV-periodontitis.
Tyrosine-rich crystalloids in a polymorphous low-grade adenocarcinoma.
Periapical lesions of mandibular bone: difficulties in early diagnostics.
Microleakage associated with retrofilling of the apical two thirds with amalgam.
Fine-detail panoramic radiography by free-focus radiography. A clinical demonstration of diagnostic radiographs.
The effects of tartar-control toothpaste on the oral soft tissues.
Prevalence of shovel-shaped incisors in Saudi Arabian dental patients.
Geometrical planning for the correction of orbital hypertelorism.
One-stage closure of the entire primary palate.
Congenital lateral cleft palate: a new anomaly?
Oral findings in HIV-infected patients attending a department of internal medicine: the contribution of intraoral examination towards the clinical management of HIV disease
Needle aspiration biopsy in salivary gland lesions.
Whole organ sectioning of mixed parotid tumors.
Early facial reanimation following radical parotid and temporal bone tumor resections.
Reconstruction of mandibular defects in irradiated patients.
Long-term fate of the vascularized iliac crest bone graft for mandibular reconstruction.
Sequential connection of flaps: a logical approach to customized mandibular reconstruction.
Treatment selection for carcinoma of the base of the tongue.
Histopathologic grading of salivary gland neoplasms: I. Mucoepidermoid carcinomas.
Intravenous pulse cyclophosphamide therapy in myositis and Sjogren's syndrome.
Characterization of a macrophage-tropic HIV strain that does not alter macrophage cytokine production yet protects macrophages from superinfection by vesicular stomatitis virus.
Expression of major histocompatibility complex class II antigens and interleukin-1 by epithelial cells of Warthin's tumor.
Intraoral adenoid cystic carcinoma. The presence of perineural spread in relation to site, size, local extension, and metastatic spread in 22 cases.
Repair of salivary fistulae after laryngectomy.
Balancing dental service requirements and supplies: epidemiologic and demographic evidence.
Life-threatening hemorrhage after placement of an endosseous implant: report of case
Evaluating tooth eruption on sealant efficacy.
The prevalence of periodontitis in a military treatment population.
Periodontics in general practice: professional plaque control
Lip paresthesia associated with a jaw mass.
Rhinosporidiosis associated with squamous cell carcinoma in the tongue.
Malignant adenolymphoma of the parotid gland: report of carcinomatous transformation.
Benign parotid tumour enucleation--a reliable operation in selected cases.
Unusual lymphoproliferative oropharyngeal lesions in heart and heart-lung transplant recipients.
The problem of the bifid mandibular condyle.
Speech, velopharyngeal function, and hearing before and after orthognathic surgery.
Pedunculated soft-tissue mass on the alveolar gingiva [clinical conference]
Central adenoid cystic carcinoma of the mandible.
Parotid gland and facial nerve trauma: a retrospective review.
Association of group C beta-hemolytic streptococci with endemic pharyngitis among college students
Angioedema from angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors: a cause of upper airway obstruction.
A study of the comparative efficacy of four common analgesics in the control of postsurgical dental pain.
Comprehensive dental care and general anesthetic management of hereditary epidermolysis bullosa. A review of fourteen cases.
The myelodysplastic syndromes. Case report and review.
Propolis allergy: a cause of oral mucositis with ulceration.
Multiple myeloma and bullous lichenoid lesions: an unusual association.
Nitrendipine-induced gingival hyperplasia. First case report.
Thermally induced 'nicotine' stomatitis. A case report.
Diagnosis of oral hairy leukoplakia by ultrastructural examination of exfoliative cytologic specimens.
The cellular composition of basal cell adenoma of the parotid gland: an immunohistochemical analysis.
Primary malignant melanoma in the parotid gland.
Oral histoplasmosis as a presenting disease in acquired immunodeficiency syndrome [published erratum appears in Oral Surg Oral Med Oral Pathol 1991 Jan;71(1):76]
Epithelial rests' function in replantation: is splinting necessary in replantation?
Replantation: an analysis of 29 teeth.
Apical closure of mature molar roots with the use of calcium hydroxide.
When a patient with a bleeding disorder needs dental work. How you can work with the dentist to prevent a crisis
Improved primary surgical and dental treatment of clefts.
Experience with the functional cleft lip repair.
Primary repair of the bilateral cleft lip nose: a 15-year review and a new treatment plan.
Secondary correction of the unilateral cleft lip nose using a conchal composite graft.
Arteriovenous malformation of the tongue.
Nasolaryngoscopy for family physicians.
Toxic streptococcal syndrome.
Occipital condyle fracture presenting as retropharyngeal hematoma.
Histopathologic grading of salivary gland neoplasms: II. Acinic cell carcinomas.
Activation of T cell subsets in the peripheral blood of patients with Sjogren's syndrome. Multicolor flow cytometric analysis.
Association of labial salivary gland histopathology with clinical and serologic features of connective tissue diseases.
Family cancer syndrome: a study of the kindred of a man with osteogenic sarcoma of the mandible.
The surgical management of chronic parotitis.
Calvarial sutural abnormalities: metopic synostosis and coronal deformation--an anatomic, three-dimensional radiographic, and pathologic study.
Parotid gland: plain and gadolinium-enhanced MR imaging.
Controversies in the treatment of streptococcal pharyngitis
Myofibroblastoma of the tongue. An immunohistochemical, ultrastructural, and flow cytometric study.
Histopathologic grading of salivary gland neoplasms: III. Adenoid cystic carcinomas.
Histologic study of eustachian tube cartilage with and without congenital anomalies: a preliminary study.
Lymphomatoid granulomatosis presenting as ulcerodestructive gastrointestinal tract lesions in patients with human immunodeficiency virus infection. A new association.
The role of herpes simplex virus in the development of oral mucositis in bone marrow transplant recipients.
Complete spontaneous regression of multiple basal cell carcinomas in the basal cell nevus syndrome: the possible role of transepithelial elimination.
New primary basal cell carcinomas arising in skin flaps following Mohs micrographic surgery for primary and recurrent basal cell carcinoma.
The association of xerostomia and inadequate intake in older adults.
Oral diseases in older adults [clinical conference]
Mapping of epitopes on the La(SS-B) autoantigen of primary Sjogren's syndrome: identification of a cross-reactive epitope.
Monomorphic adenomas of the major salivary glands: clinicopathological study of 44 cases.
Giant enterocystoma within an infant's tongue.
Temporal arteritis presenting as a submandibular swelling.
Parapharyngeal abscess and torticollis.
Parotid duct communicating with a labial pit and ectopic salivary cyst.
Radiobiological studies in the naevoid basal cell carcinoma syndrome.
Oxybutynin hydrochloride (3 mg) in the treatment of women with idiopathic detrusor instability.
Dentofacial development in long-term survivors of acute lymphoblastic leukemia. A comparison of three treatment modalities.
Causes, diagnosis, and treatment of pharyngitis.
Detection of a human intracisternal A-type retroviral particle antigenically related to HIV.
Postoperative sore throat: topical hydrocortisone
Basis for defective proliferation of peripheral blood T cells to anti-CD2 antibodies in primary Sjogren's syndrome.
Sialolithiasis: case studies and review.
The surgical treatment of noma.
Pharynx: value of oblique projections for radiographic examination.
Immunogenicity and protective effect against oral colonization by Streptococcus mutans of synthetic peptides of a streptococcal surface protein antigen.
The human antibody response to streptococcal C5a peptidase.
Facial pain.
Maintenance of condyle-proximal segment position in orthognathic surgery.
Central odontogenic fibroma: clinicopathologic features of 19 cases and review of the literature.
Dysgeusia, gustatory sweating, and crocodile tears syndrome induced by a cerebellopontine angle meningioma.
Lack of evidence for link between intradental lesions and chronic renal failure.
Dexamethasone as an adjunct in oropharyngeal obstruction in a patient with leukemia.
Gingival and cutaneous xanthomatosis associated with primary biliary cirrhosis. Report of a case.
Oral melanotic macules in patients infected with human immunodeficiency virus.
Subacute necrotizing sialadenitis.
The potential of periodontal pocket formation associated with untreated accessory root canals.
Reactions of rat odontogenic tissues to heat.
A retrospective clinical study of endodontically treated mandibular incisors in a selected Chinese population.
Cross-sectional tomography. A diagnostic technique for determining the buccolingual relationship of impacted mandibular third molars and the inferior alveolar neurovascular bundle.
Spontaneous pneumomediastinum. An unusual cause of a sore throat.
Potential role of beta-carotene in prevention of oral cancer.
Remission of precancerous lesions in the oral cavity of tobacco chewers and maintenance of the protective effect of beta-carotene or vitamin A.
Undifferentiated carcinomas of salivary glands.
Risk stratification of ambulatory patients suspected of Pneumocystis pneumonia.
Mediastinitis following nasal intubation in the emergency department.
Acinic cell carcinoma. Clinicopathologic review.
Risk factors for cancer of the tongue in Uruguay.
An assessment of salivary function in healthy premenopausal and postmenopausal females.
Uses and complications of uvulopalatopharyngoplasty.
Marijuana smoking as a possible cause of tongue carcinoma in young patients.
Randomized, double-blind trial of mazindol in Duchenne dystrophy.
Sick building syndrome.
Quincke's edema, revisited.
Sjogren's syndrome and primary biliary cirrhosis: presence of autoantibodies to purified mitochondrial 2-OXO acid dehydrogenases.
Vascularized full-thickness parietal bone grafts in maxillofacial reconstruction: the role of the galea and superficial temporal vessels.
Thalidomide: treatment of severe recurrent aphthous stomatitis in patients with AIDS.
Topical cyclosporine for oral mucosal disorders.
Sensitivity restored of Class V abrasion/erosion lesions.
Reviewing the unicystic ameloblastoma: report of two cases.
Microleakage at gingival dentin margins of Class V composite restorations lined with light-cured glass ionomer cement.
Effect of endodontic access preparation on resistance to crown-root fracture.
Evaluating and influencing periodontal diagnostic and treatment behaviors in general practice.
Asymptomatic periapical radiolucent lesion found in an area of previous trauma [published erratum appears in J Am Dent Assoc 1991 Feb;122(2):18]
Treatment of beta-hemolytic streptococcal pharyngitis with cefaclor or penicillin. Efficacy and interaction with beta-lactamase-producing organisms in the pharynx.
Extraoral parotid sialolithotomy.
Indications for simultaneous orthognathic and septorhinoplastic surgery.
The relationship between the indications for the surgical removal of impacted third molars and the incidence of alveolar osteitis.
Evaluation of ultrasound in the diagnosis of pathologic processes in the parotid gland.
Severe preeclampsia presenting as dysphonia secondary to uvular edema. A case report.
Pregnancy associated with Gorlin's syndrome.
Right-to-left shunting through a patent foramen ovale caused by pulmonary hypertension associated with rheumatoid arthritis and Sjogren's syndrome: a case report.
Salivary gland involvement in Wegener's granulomatosis.
Patient-controlled analgesic administration. A comparison of steady-state morphine infusions with bolus doses.
Combined chemotherapy and radiation therapy in advanced inoperable squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck. The final report of a randomized trial.
Why aging leads to increased susceptibility to infection.
A new syndrome: hearing loss and familial salivary gland insensitivity to aldosterone in two brothers.
Mandibular involvement in oral cancer.
Biotin deficiency per se is teratogenic in mice.
Mucoepidermoid carcinoma of the salivary glands: a reappraisal of the influence of tumor differentiation on prognosis.
Characterization of cytokines present in middle ear effusions.
Aerobic and anaerobic microbiology of acute suppurative parotitis.
Granulomatous sialadenitis.
Gross cystic disease fluid protein-15 in salivary gland tumors.
Cyclic-AMP binding proteins in the head and neck.
Irritant and sensitizing potential of copper, mercury and tin salts in experimental contact stomatitis of rat oral mucosa.
Clinical and biologic effects of granulocyte colony stimulating factor in the treatment of myelokathexis.
Location of abnormalities in panoramic radiographs of edentulous patients.
Submandibular cystic hygroma resembling a plunging ranula in a neonate. Review and report of a case.
Application of INSTAT hemostat in the control of gingival hemorrhage in the patient with thrombocytopenia. A case report.
Oral hairy leukoplakia in HIV infection: a diagnostic pitfall.
HIV infection: clinical features and treatment of thirty-three homosexual men with Kaposi's sarcoma.
Gingival swelling as a manifestation of aplastic anemia.
Melanocytic hyperplasia of the oral mucosa.
Major aphthous-like ulcers in patients with AIDS.
Normal proprioceptive trigeminal afferents in patients with Sjogren's syndrome and sensory neuronopathy.
Association of the complement allele C4AQ0 with primary Sjogren's syndrome in Japanese patients.
Pancreatic autoantibodies and pancreatic function in Sjogren's syndrome.
The vascularized fibula graft in mandibular reconstruction.
Fine-needle aspiration biopsy of head and neck lesions.
Medical and dental implications of cocaine abuse.
Monocytoid B cell lymphoma.
Dapsone is an effective therapy for the skin lesions of subacute cutaneous lupus erythematosus and urticarial vasculitis in a patient with C2 deficiency.
Prevention of dry socket: an overview.
Effects of removing inferior alveolar neurovascular structures on mandibular growth and the eruption of permanent dentition in puppies.
Orofacial odontogenic infections: review of microbiology and current treatment.
Malignant melanoma of the oral cavity. A case report.
Oral lichen planus: the clinical, historical, and therapeutic features of 100 cases
Candidal infection in oral lichen planus.
A comparison of the signs of temporomandibular joint dysfunction and occlusal discrepancies in a symptom-free population of men and women.
Grinspan's syndrome: a drug-induced phenomenon?
Adult T-cell leukemia/lymphoma of the tongue.
Peripheral ameloblastoma with clear cell differentiation.
Intracoronal radiolucencies within unerupted teeth. Case report and review of literature.
A comparison of two temporary restorations: light-cured resin versus a self-polymerizing temporary restoration.
Radiographic detection of recurrent carious lesions associated with composite restorations.
Iliac versus cranial bone for secondary grafting of residual alveolar clefts.
Radiographic manifestations of congenital anomalies affecting the airway.
Primary sarcomas of the major salivary glands.
Primary parotid malignancies. A clinical and pathologic review.
Further evaluation of radical surgery following radiotherapy for advanced parotid carcinoma.
Dry mouth: diagnosing and treating its multiple causes.
Inhibition of fluorouracil-induced stomatitis by oral cryotherapy.
Concurrent cisplatin, infusional fluorouracil, and conventionally fractionated radiation therapy in head and neck cancer: dose-limiting mucosal toxicity.
Apparent increase in the incidence of invasive group A beta-hemolytic streptococcal disease in children.
Fine-needle aspiration biopsy of salivary glands.
Aerobic and anaerobic microbiology of peritonsillar abscess.
Postanginal sepsis with dysphagia.
Nutritional supplementation and the development of linear enamel hypoplasias in children from Tezonteopan, Mexico.
S-100 protein antibodies do not label normal salivary gland myoepithelium. Histogenetic implications for salivary gland tumors.
Results of radiation therapy in carcinoma of the base of the tongue. The Curie Institute experience with about 166 cases.
The effects of 13-cis-retinoic acid and beta-carotene on cellular immunity in humans.

