Functional upper airway obstruction in adolescents.
Influence of Doppler sample volume location on the assessment of changes in mitral inflow velocity profiles.
Hyponatraemia secondary to an inappropriately high release of antidiuretic hormone in cardiac tamponade.
Reproduction of transfusion-related acute lung injury in an ex vivo lung model
Hypercalcemia in infants presenting with apnea.
Cancer chemotherapy after solid organ transplantation.
Pulmonary metastases from ameloblastoma of the mandible treated with cisplatin, adriamycin, and cyclophosphamide.
In vitro natural killer and lymphokine-activated killer activity in patients with bronchogenic carcinoma.
Tumor-antigen 4. Its immunohistochemical distribution and tissue and serum concentrations in squamous cell carcinoma of the lung and esophagus.
Postoperative active specific immunization in colorectal cancer patients with virus-modified autologous tumor-cell vaccine. First clinical results with tumor-cell vaccines modified with live but avirulent Newcastle disease virus [published erratum appears in Cancer 1991 Apr 15;67(8):2124]
Flow cytometric DNA analysis of parathyroid tumors. Implication of aneuploidy for pathologic and biologic classification.
Human T-cell leukemia virus type 1 associated with small cell lung cancer.
Immunocytochemical characterization of lung tumors in fine-needle aspiration. The use of cytokeratin monoclonal antibodies for the differential diagnosis of squamous cell carcinoma and adenocarcinoma.
Low-dose sufentanil in major surgery.
Epidural morphine for analgesia after caesarean section: a report of 4880 patients
Pulmonary edema induced by phagocytosing neutrophils. Protective effect of monoclonal antibody against phagocyte CD18 integrin.
Flow and volume dependence of respiratory system mechanics during constant flow ventilation in normal subjects and in adult respiratory distress syndrome.
Role of prostaglandin E1 in reducing pulmonary vascular resistance in an experimental model of acute lung injury.
Aspiration and the elderly.
Transient neuromuscular impairment resulting from prolonged inhalation of halothane and enflurane.
Mucoid impaction of upper lobe bronchi in the absence of proximal bronchiectasis.
Confluence of pulmonary veins simulating a pulmonary mass.
Cyclosporine and chronic sarcoidosis.
Resolution of the adult respiratory distress syndrome following colectomy and liver transplantation.
Cytomegalovirus pneumonia in allogeneic bone marrow transplantation. An immunopathologic process?
Pathologic involvement of the left ventricle in chronic cor pulmonale.
Pulmonary alveolar proteinosis associated with Pneumocystis carinii. Ultrastructural identification in bronchoalveolar lavage in AIDS and immunocompromised non-AIDS patients.
Differential therapy with calcium antagonists in pulmonary hypertension secondary to COPD. Hemodynamic effects of nifedipine, diltiazem, and verapamil.
Diagnostic value of nonfluoroscopic percutaneous lung needle aspiration in patients with pneumonia.
Intravenous and oral corticosteroids for the prevention of relapse after treatment of decompensated COPD. Effect on patients with a history of multiple relapses
Predicting failure following shunting of pleural effusions.
Quality of life in elderly patients with chronic nonspecific lung disease seen in family practice.
Acute pulmonary effects of aerosolized pentamidine. A randomized controlled study. Toronto Aerosolized Pentamidine Study (TAPS) Group.
Neutrophilia in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid of diffuse panbronchiolitis.
Pulmonary lipid peroxidation in cigarette smokers and lung cancer patients.
Three mixed venous saturation catheters in patients with circulatory shock and respiratory failure
Lactate levels as predictors of the relationship between oxygen delivery and consumption in ARDS.
Mechanical disruption of pulmonary emboli in dogs with a flexible rotating-tip catheter (Kensey catheter).
Relationship between blood plasma prostaglandin E2 and liver and lung metastases in colorectal cancer.
Endoscopic palliative intubation of the esophagus invaded by lung cancer.
Pneumonia syndromes: a clinical approach in the elderly.
Changes in self-concept during pulmonary rehabilitation, Part 1.
Changes in self-concept during pulmonary rehabilitation, Part 2.
Ligation of the superficial femoral vein in prevention of pulmonary embolism: an old fashion procedure?
Platelet-derived growth factor in idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis.
Itraconazole therapy in aspergillosis: study in 49 patients.
Repeated exposure of asthmatic airways to inhaled adenosine 5'-monophosphate attenuates bronchoconstriction provoked by exercise.
Posttachycardia T-wave changes.
Elevated serum levels of soluble interleukin-2 receptors in small cell lung carcinoma.
Botulinum toxin treatment of cranial-cervical dystonia, spasmodic dysphonia, other focal dystonias and hemifacial spasm.
Stiffman syndrome: a rare paraneoplastic disorder?
The use of risk factors in medical diagnosis: opportunities and cautions.
Spirometric findings and mortality in never-smokers.
Prolonged administration of oral etoposide in patients with relapsed or refractory small-cell lung cancer: a phase II trial.
Interleukin-2 therapy in patients with metastatic malignant melanoma: a phase II study.
Adjunctive surgery after chemotherapy for nonseminomatous germ cell tumors: recommendations for patient selection.
Spinal cord arteriovenous malformation with an associated lymphatic anomaly. Case report.
Assessing clinical significance of apnea exceeding fifteen seconds with event recording.
The effect of sulindac on the abnormal cough reflex associated with dry cough.
Predictive value of urethroscopy as compared to urodynamics in the diagnosis of genuine stress incontinence.
Pyoderma gangrenosum complicating Felty's syndrome.
Pulmonary-renal syndrome with "triad" involvement due to small vessel vasculitis.
Methionine dependency of malignant tumors: a possible approach for therapy
The role of antibiotic therapy in the prevention of empyema in patients with an isolated chest injury (ISS 9-10): a prospective study.
Changes in quality of care for five diseases measured by implicit review, 1981 to 1986
Prospective payment system and impairment at discharge. The 'quicker-and-sicker' story revisited
Intrapleural tetracycline for the prevention of recurrent spontaneous pneumothorax. Results of a Department of Veterans Affairs cooperative study
Immune reactivity in bronchogenic carcinoma and its relation to 5-year survival rate.
Symptomatic pericardial effusion in lung cancer patients: the role of fluid cytology.
Cyclophosphamide and ifosfamide combination as neoadjuvant chemotherapy for locally advanced nonsmall-cell lung cancer: a meta-analytic review.
Distinguishing malignant mesothelioma from pulmonary adenocarcinoma: an immuno-histochemical approach using a panel of monoclonal antibodies.
Development of a new surgical procedure for repairing tracheobronchomalacia.
Pleuroperitoneal shunt for persistent pleural drainage after Fontan procedure.
Laryngeal mask airway and tracheal tube insertion by unskilled personnel
Surgery for sinusitis and aspirin triad.
Olfactory neuroblastoma: clinicopathologic and immunohistochemical characterization of four representative cases.
A new method of needle-electrode placement in the posterior cricoarytenoid muscle for electromyography.
A randomized controlled trial of a reduced daily dose of zidovudine in patients with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome. The AIDS Clinical Trials Group.
Response of the Lambert-Eaton myasthenic syndrome to treatment of associated small-cell lung carcinoma.
Aggravation of human and experimental myasthenia gravis by contrast media.
Angiographic arterial embolization and computed tomography-directed drainage for the management of hemorrhage and infection with abdominal pregnancy.
The modified superior based pharyngeal flap. Part I. Surgical technique.
The modified superior based pharyngeal flap. Part III. A retrospective study.
Open lung biopsy in the critically ill newborn.
Serial Munchausen syndrome by proxy.
Acute respiratory infections during the first three months of life: clinical, radiologic and physiologic predictors of etiology.
Chest pain in teenagers. When is it significant?
Understanding dizziness. How to decipher this nonspecific symptom.
Initial management of trauma. The first 5 minutes.
A clinicopathological study of the paraneoplastic neuromuscular syndromes associated with lung cancer.
Oral findings in HIV-infected patients attending a department of internal medicine: the contribution of intraoral examination towards the clinical management of HIV disease
Double-blind randomized study of prolonged higher-dose oral amoxycillin in purulent bronchiectasis.
Pulmonary neoplastic and lymphoproliferative disease in AIDS: a review.
Hemoptysis: CT-bronchoscopic correlations in 58 cases.
Coal worker's pneumoconiosis: CT assessment in exposed workers and correlation with radiographic findings.
Therapeutic embolization: enhanced radiolabeled monitoring.
MR imaging of the bird's nest filter.
Intra-abdominal palpation of a nasogastric tube in the stomach does not assure appropriate placement.
Disseminated strongyloidiasis in AIDS and non-AIDS immunocompromised hosts: diagnosis by sputum and bronchoalveolar lavage.
Early tracheostomy for primary airway management in the surgical critical care setting.
Trends in lung cancer, chronic obstructive lung disease, and emphysema death rates for England and Wales 1941-85 and their relation to trends in cigarette smoking
Use of biological glue to control pulmonary air leaks.
Effects of inflammation and fibrosis on pulmonary function in diffuse lung fibrosis.
Appropriate and inappropriate neuroendocrine products in pulmonary tumourlets.
Plasma cross linked fibrin degradation products in pulmonary embolism.
External detection of pulmonary accumulation of indium-113m labelled transferrin in the guinea pig.
Prostaglandin F2 alpha enhancement of capsaicin induced cough in man: modulation by beta 2 adrenergic and anticholinergic drugs.
The hyperimmunoglobulinaemia E and recurrent infections syndrome in an adult [published erratum appears in Thorax 1990 Dec;45(12):984]
Pulmonary disease following intravesical BCG treatment.
Use of a fenestrated silicone drain to stent a malignant tracheobronchial stenosis.
Bronchoalveolar lavage findings in a patient with the organic dust toxic syndrome.
Pleuropulmonary manifestations of hepatic amebiasis
Inhaler and spacer use in obstructive airway diseases.
Characterization of the morphonuclear features and DNA ploidy of typical and atypical carcinoids and small cell carcinomas of the lung.
Isolation of measles virus in primary rhesus monkey cells from a child with acute interstitial pneumonia who cytologically had giant-cell pneumonia without a rash.
Brake mechanics, asbestos, and disease risk.
Arterial oxygen desaturation during gastrointestinal endoscopy
Treatment of Wegener's granulomatosis with intermittent high-dose intravenous cyclophosphamide
Pleuritis as a manifestation of reactivation tuberculosis.
Cardiorespiratory effects of endoscopic esophageal variceal sclerotherapy.
Viral bronchiolitis during early life induces increased numbers of bronchiolar mast cells and airway hyperresponsiveness.
Intraluminal fibrosis induced unilaterally by lobar instillation of CdCl2 into the rat lung.
Neuromuscular effects of respiratory and metabolic acid-base changes in vitro with and without nondepolarizing muscle relaxants.
Additive effect of albuterol and ipratropium bromide in the treatment of bronchospasm in children.
Effects of albuterol and procaterol on exercise-induced asthma.
Exercise-induced biphasic responses and methacholine reactivity in asthma.
Oral gold therapy in steroid-dependent asthma, nasal polyposis, and aspirin hypersensitivity.
Functional character and augmentation of lymphocytes in regional lymph nodes of patients with lung cancer.
Doppler assessment of pulmonary hypertension induced by hypoxic breathing in subjects susceptible to high altitude pulmonary edema.
Endogenous opioids modulate the increase in ventilatory output and dyspnea during severe acute bronchoconstriction.
The relationship between respiratory impairment and asbestos-related pleural abnormality in an active work force
Selective IgG subclass deficiencies and antibody responses to pneumococcal capsular polysaccharide antigen in adult community-acquired pneumonia.
Timing of corticosteroid treatment. Effect of lung lymph dynamics in air injury in awake sheep.
Central airway obstruction due to cytomegalovirus-induced necrotizing tracheitis in a patient with AIDS.
Sarcoidosis complicated by HIV infection: three case reports and a review of the literature.
Ciliary motility in two patients with yellow nail syndrome and recurrent sinopulmonary infections.
Manual ventilation bags as a source for bacterial colonization of intubated patients.
Differential roles of opioid receptors in respiration, respiratory disease, and opiate-induced respiratory depression.
Lung lobe torsion following lobectomy.
Clinical prediction rule for pulmonary infiltrates
A clinical triad to diagnose paraneoplastic retinopathy.
Latent sensitisation to respiratory syncytial virus during acute bronchiolitis and lung function after recovery.
How curable is relapsed Wilms' tumour? The United Kingdom Children's Cancer Study Group.
An unusual cause of thoracic mass.
Tumor necrosis factor-alpha mediates acid aspiration-induced systemic organ injury.
Relief of tracheal compression by aortopexy.
Cor triatriatum: clinical presentation and surgical results in 12 patients.
Tracheal and main bronchial disruptions after blunt chest trauma: presentation and management
Complications after cardiac operations in patients with severe pulmonary impairment.
Results in 104 patients undergoing bronchoplastic procedures for bronchial lesions.
Intraoperative bronchial aspiration of ruptured pulmonary hydatid cysts.
Swan-Ganz catheter-induced massive hemoptysis and pulmonary artery false aneurysm.
Resection of the superior vena cava for primary lung cancer: 5 years' survival.
Spontaneous pneumothorax in patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome treated with prophylactic aerosolized pentamidine.
Acute renal failure due to ciprofloxacin.
Mucinous cystadenoma of the lung. A report of two cases with immunohistochemical and ultrastructural analysis.
Pulmonary arteriolar muscularization in coal workers' pneumoconiosis and its correlation with right ventricular hypertrophy.
Pulmonary blastoma with malignant melanoma component.
Strapless oral-nasal interface for positive-pressure ventilation.
Selection factors resulting in improved survival after surgical resection of tumors metastatic to the lungs.
Metastatic carcinoma to the retina. Clinicopathologic findings in two cases.
Critical volume for pulmonary acid aspiration: reappraisal in a primate model.
Effect of different rates of infusion of propofol for induction of anaesthesia in elderly patients.
Foam cuffed tracheal tubes: clinical and laboratory assessment.
Wegener's granulomatosis presenting during first trimester of pregnancy.
Variations in urethral and bladder pressure during stress episodes in healthy women.
Surgery in patients on long-term steroid therapy: a tentative model for risk assessment.
Heterogenous amplification of myc family oncogenes in small cell lung carcinoma.
Identification of somatostatin receptors in human small cell lung carcinoma.
Nasal lymphoma. A retrospective analysis of 60 cases.
Chemotherapy-related hemolytic-uremic syndrome after the treatment of head and neck cancer. A case report.
Primary carcinoma of the upper urinary tract. Effect of primary and secondary therapy on survival.
Thromboembolism. A complication of weekly chemotherapy in the treatment of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
Unusual case of pacemaker lead migration.
Left ventricular ejection fraction may not be useful as an end point of thrombolytic therapy comparative trials.
Peak flow nasal patency indices and self-assessment in septoplasty.
Trimming of the inferior turbinates: a prospective long-term study.
Chest infection following head and neck surgery: a pilot study.
Acute respiratory failure.
Mechanical measures in the prophylaxis of postoperative thromboembolism in total knee arthroplasty.
Does alternate-day cloprednol therapy prevent bone loss? A longitudinal double-blind, controlled clinical study.
Community-acquired pneumonia: evidence of functional inactivation of alpha 1 proteinase inhibitor.
Tracheostomy in children with Guillain Barre syndrome
Prevention of nosocomial lung infection in ventilated patients: use of an antimicrobial pharyngeal nonabsorbable paste.
Iatrogenic illness in pediatric critical care.
High-frequency oscillation during simulated altitude exposure.
Undiagnosed tuberculosis in patients with human immunodeficiency virus infection
Pulmonary manifestations of disseminated cryptococcosis in patients with AIDS.
Mortality from pulmonary embolism in the United States: 1962 to 1984.
Exercise performance of polycythemic chronic obstructive pulmonary disease patients. Effect of phlebotomies.
Quality of well-being before and after antibiotic treatment of pulmonary exacerbation in patients with cystic fibrosis.
Subpleural mononuclear cell infiltration. Significance in the differential diagnosis of pleuritis showing nonspecific histologic findings.
Bronchial cartilage alterations in lung transplantation.
Hypothyroidism and pleural effusions.
Hyperresponsiveness of the extrathoracic airway in patients with captopril-induced cough
The entrainment of low frequency breathing periodicity.
Bronchoalveolar lavage in liquid paraffin pneumonitis.
Feasibility of intraoperative cytodiagnosis of lung cancer.
Concentration of tumor-associated trypsin inhibitor (TATI) in pleural effusions.
Neural respiratory drive and neuromuscular coupling in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
Determinants of cell type in patients with cancer of the lungs.
Real and pseudo late asthmatic reactions after submaximal exercise challenge in patients with bronchial asthma. A new definition for late asthmatic responses after exercise challenge.
Permeability pulmonary edema following lung resection.
Hemoptysis in a 49-year-old man. An unusual presentation of a sporadic disease.
Rounded atelectasis complicated by obstructive pneumonia and pulmonary arterial thrombosis [published erratum appears in Chest 1991 Jun;99(6):1556]
Dialysis-induced respiratory acidosis.
Occult fatal pulmonary embolism with disseminated intravascular coagulation. An unusual case masquerading as miliary tuberculosis.
Pulmonary malignant angioendotheliomatosis. Presentation with fever and syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone.
Utility of angiograms in patients with catamenial hemoptysis.
Kyphoscoliosis and respiratory failure. A patient treated with assisted ventilation for 27 years.
Use of Nd:YAG laser in endobronchial Kaposi's sarcoma.
The malignancy-sarcoidosis syndrome.
Septic pulmonary emboli. A rare cause of bilateral pneumothorax in drug abusers.
Retroperitoneal air after routine hemorrhoidectomy. Report of a case.
A randomized controlled evaluation of a psychosocial intervention in adults with chronic lung disease.
Effects of supplemental oxygen administration in an infant with pulmonary artery hypertension.
Trapped-lung syndrome after cardiac surgery: a potentially preventable complication of pleural injury.
Hydraulic conductivity of canine parietal pleura in vivo.
Lung overexpansion increases pulmonary microvascular protein permeability in young lambs.
Late-phase bronchial vascular responses in allergic sheep.
Urinary N tau-methylimidazole acetic acid excretion in respiratory disease.
An unusual late complication following surgical repair of tetralogy of Fallot.
Parathyroid hormone-like peptide in normal and neoplastic human endocrine tissues.
Thyroiditis as the presenting manifestation of disseminated extrapulmonary Pneumocystis carinii infection.
Importance of sampling method in DNA analysis of lung cancer.
Life-threatening hemorrhage after placement of an endosseous implant: report of case
Role of nasal allergy in chronic maxillary sinusitis--diagnostic value of nasal challenge with allergen.
A placebo-controlled trial of immunotherapy with two extracts of Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus in allergic rhinitis, comparing clinical outcome with changes in antigen-specific IgE, IgG, and IgG subclasses.
Different prevalence and degree of nonspecific bronchial hyperreactivity between seasonal and perennial rhinitis.
Neuropeptides and nasal secretion.
The role of histamine in allergic rhinitis.
Platelet-activating factor- and leukotriene B4-induced release of lactoferrin from blood neutrophils of atopic and nonatopic individuals.
Immediate skin test reactivity to Food and Drug Administration-approved standardized extracts.
Increased bronchial hyperresponsiveness after inhaling salbutamol during 1 year is not caused by subsensitization to salbutamol.
Measurement of histamine in nasal lavage fluid: comparison of a glass fiber-based fluorometric method with two radioimmunoassays.
Down regulation in hypersensitivity pneumonitis.
Developmental expression of plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1 by human alveolar macrophages. Possible role in lung injury.
A randomized controlled trial of glucocorticoid prophylaxis against experimental rhinovirus infection.
Pneumococcal anticapsular antibodies in patients with chronic cardiovascular and obstructive lung disease in The Netherlands.
Adverse effects of aspirin, acetaminophen, and ibuprofen on immune function, viral shedding, and clinical status in rhinovirus-infected volunteers.
Transmission of Chlamydia pneumoniae in young children in a Japanese family.
Pilot trial of selective decontamination for prevention of bacterial infection in an intensive care unit.
Lipid peroxidation and expression of copper-zinc and manganese superoxide dismutase in lungs of premature infants with hyaline membrane disease and bronchopulmonary dysplasia.
Effect of fasting on the lung glutathione redox cycle in air- and oxygen-exposed mice: beneficial effects of sugar.
Role of endoscopy in diagnosing scleroma in its uncommon sites.
Smoking cessation in chronic Reinke's oedema.
Epistaxis as an unusual presentation of an antrochoanal polyp.
A 'silent' intracranial complication of frontal sinusitis.
Infectious mononucleosis complicated by lingual tonsillitis.
Acute upper airway obstruction following Teflon injection of a vocal cord; the value of nebulized adrenaline and a helium/oxygen mixture in its management
Multiple primary malignancies in patients with malignant tumours of the nasal cavities and paranasal sinuses.
Inter-arytenoid glottic bar following intubation.
Lambert Eaton syndrome: autonomic neuropathy and inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion in a patient with small cell carcinoma of the lung.
Treatment of small-cell lung cancer with an alternating chemotherapy regimen given at weekly intervals: a Southwest Oncology Group pilot study.
The relative value of conventional staging procedures for developing prognostic models in extensive-stage small-cell lung cancer.
Cerebral venous oxygen content as a measure of brain energy metabolism with increased intracranial pressure and hyperventilation.
Administered dose and tumor dose of bleomycin labeled with cobalt-57 in mice and men.
Imaging of tumor in patients with indium-111-labeled biotin and streptavidin-conjugated antibodies: preliminary communication
Pedunculated soft-tissue mass on the alveolar gingiva [clinical conference]
Early ribavirin treatment of respiratory syncytial viral infection in high-risk children.
Prediction of postoperative clinical course by autologous tumor-killing activity in lung cancer patients.
Auto-PEEP in the multisystem injured patient: an elusive complication.
Effect of endotoxin and a burn injury on lung and liver lipid peroxidation and catalase activity.
Effect of chronic respiratory acidosis on urinary calcium excretion in the dog.
Diagnosis of malignant cardiac disease by endomyocardial biopsy
Value of antigen detection in predicting invasive pulmonary aspergillosis
Angioedema from angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors: a cause of upper airway obstruction.
Computed tomography staging of the paranasal sinuses in chronic hyperplastic rhinosinusitis.
Esthesioneuroblastoma: surgical treatment without radiation.
Flexible Nd:YAG laser palliation of obstructive tracheal metastatic malignancies.
An in vivo canine model for testing treatment effects in laryngeal hyperadduction disorders.
Pancreaticopleural fistula. Report of 7 patients and review of the literature.
Disseminated histoplasmosis in the acquired immune deficiency syndrome: clinical findings, diagnosis and treatment, and review of the literature.
Coccidioidomycosis during human immunodeficiency virus infection. A review of 77 patients.
Corticosteroids as adjunctive therapy for severe Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia in the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome. A double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
A controlled trial of early adjunctive treatment with corticosteroids for Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia in the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome. California Collaborative Treatment Group.
Identification of the primary gene defect at the cytochrome P450 CYP2D locus.
Subdural hematoma associated with metastatic neoplasms.
Aspiration in bilateral stroke patients.
Central neurogenic hyperventilation: pharmacologic intervention with morphine sulfate and correlative analysis of respiratory, sleep, and ocular motor dysfunction.
Serologic evidence of subclinical pertussis in immunized children.
Current epidemiology of pertussis in Japan.
Thrombocytosis after pneumonia with empyema and other bacterial infections in children.
Immunoglobulin G subclass deficiency and predisposition to infection in Down's syndrome.
Study design considerations for ribavirin: efficacy studies.
Transbronchial biopsies in children after heart-lung transplantation.
Dexamethasone effects on the hospital course of infants with bronchopulmonary dysplasia who are dependent on artificial ventilation.
Predicting risk for bronchopulmonary dysplasia: selection criteria for clinical trials
Surfactant replacement therapy with a single postventilatory dose of a reconstituted bovine surfactant in preterm neonates with respiratory distress syndrome: final analysis of a multicenter, double-blind, randomized trial and comparison with similar trials. The Surfactant-TA Study Group.
Pulmonary and acid-base assessment.
Dyspnea.
Let's stop the comeback of tuberculosis. Best drug regimens for prevention and treatment.
Viral pneumonias. A diagnostic and therapeutic challenge.
Breathing exercises for the medical patient: the art and the science.
Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Pharmacotherapy of asthma and allergic rhinitis.
Bacterial tracheitis: report of eight new cases and review.
Acute respiratory disease in Spain: seven years of experience
Resolution of lung abscess due to Pseudomonas aeruginosa with oral ciprofloxacin: case report.
Pulmonary and disseminated infection due to Mycobacterium kansasii: a decade of experience.
Early treatment with acyclovir for varicella pneumonia in otherwise healthy adults: retrospective controlled study and review.
Pneumonia due to Legionella micdadei in bone marrow transplant recipients.
Virologic and pathogenetic aspects of cytomegalovirus infection.
Cytomegalovirus infections after allogeneic bone marrow transplantation.
Cytomegalovirus infections in bone marrow transplant recipients given intensive cytoreductive therapy.
Successful strategy for prevention of cytomegalovirus interstitial pneumonia after human leukocyte antigen-identical bone marrow transplantation.
Complications of extracorporeal membrane oxygenation in neonates.
Analysis of the two-team approach to anterior spinal fusion.
Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia manifested as a hilar mass and cavitary lesion: an atypical presentation in a patient receiving aerosolized pentamidine prophylaxis.
Pleuropulmonary tularemia: successful treatment with erythromycin.
The contributions of John B. Murphy to thoracic surgery.
Radiologic staging of chest in testicular seminoma.
Nasolaryngoscopy for family physicians.
HIV disease: a review for the family physician. Part II. Secondary infections, malignancy and experimental therapy.
Effects of common illnesses on infants' energy intakes from breast milk and other foods during longitudinal community-based studies in Huascar (Lima), Peru.
Inflammatory myofibroblastic tumor (plasma cell granuloma). Clinicopathologic study of 20 cases with immunohistochemical and ultrastructural observations.
Survey of histologic specimens of human cancer for human papillomavirus types 6/11/16/18 by filter in situ hybridization.
Childhood deaths from toy balloons.
Use of intrapleural streptokinase in the treatment of thoracic empyema.
Pulmonary disease in AIDS patients.
Ultrastructural localization of proteinase 3, the target antigen of anti-cytoplasmic antibodies circulating in Wegener's granulomatosis.
Inhibition of angiogenesis and tumor growth in the brain. Suppression of endothelial cell turnover by penicillamine and the depletion of copper, an angiogenic cofactor.
Prevalence of chronic bronchitis among US Hispanics from the Hispanic Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, 1982-84.
Admissions to the intensive care unit after complications of anaesthetic techniques over 10 years. 2. The second 5 years
Treatment of atelectasis of upper lung lobes. Selective bronchial suctioning with J-shaped catheter tip and guide mark.
Laryngeal oedema from a neck haematoma. A complication of internal jugular vein cannulation.
Effects of famotidine and cimetidine on plasma levels of epidurally administered lignocaine.
Acid aspiration prophylaxis in 288 obstetric anaesthetic departments in the United Kingdom.
Emergency tracheal intubation in the postanesthesia care unit: physician error or patient disease?
Local and global function of the right ventricle in a canine model of pulmonary microembolism and oleic acid edema: influence of ventilation with PEEP.
Manual translaryngeal jet ventilation and the risk of aspiration in a canine model.
Prehospital administration of inhaled metaproterenol.
Atypical presentation of pulmonary embolism.
Characterization of distal bronchial microflora during acute exacerbation of chronic bronchitis. Use of the protected specimen brush technique in 54 mechanically ventilated patients.
Distinguishable types of dyspnea in patients with shortness of breath.
A family study of the variability of pulmonary function in alpha 1-antitrypsin deficiency. Quantitative phenotypes.
Pulmonary denervation in humans. Effects on dyspnea and ventilatory pattern during exercise.
The role of mucous glycoproteins in the rheologic properties of cystic fibrosis sputum.
Frequency and clinical implications of monoclonal antibody detection of tumor-associated antigens in serum of patients with lung cancer.
Determination of serum concentrations of type III procollagen peptide in mechanically ventilated patients. Pronounced augmented concentrations in the adult respiratory distress syndrome.
Effect of pentoxifylline on hemodynamics, alveolar fluid reabsorption, and pulmonary edema in a model of acute lung injury.
Persistent lower respiratory tract inflammation associated with interstitial lung disease in patients with tropical pulmonary eosinophilia following conventional treatment with diethylcarbamazine.
The penetration of aminoglycosides into the alveolar lining fluid of rats. The effect of airway inflammation.
Bronchodilator response to ipratropium bromide in infants with bronchopulmonary dysplasia.
Formoterol, a new inhaled beta-2 adrenergic agonist, has a longer blocking effect than albuterol on hyperventilation-induced bronchoconstriction.
Respiratory health effects of the indoor environment in a population of Dutch children.
Pulmonary fibrosis in aluminum oxide workers. Investigation of nine workers, with pathologic examination and microanalysis in three of them.
Computerized tomography in the evaluation of allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis.
Pulmonary histiocytosis X with mediastinal lymph node involvement.
Flexible bronchoscopic removal of radioccult polyurethane foam, with pneumonitis in a hyperventilated lobe.
Colobronchial fistula: a rare complication of Crohn's colitis.
The rise of tuberculosis in America before 1820.
Six-month isoniazid-rifampin treatment for pulmonary tuberculosis in children.
Tumor cell lines established in vitro: an independent prognostic factor for survival in non-small-cell lung cancer.
Systems architecture for quantification of dynamic myoelectric and kinematic activity of the human vocal tract.
Peak inspiratory pressure requirements in infants born weighing less than 750 g.
Thoracoplasty: current application to the infected pleural space
Strategy for lymphadenectomy in lung cancer three centimeters or less in diameter
Prognostic determinants in extracorporeal membrane oxygenation for respiratory failure in newborns.
Surgical management of pulmonary metastatic leiomyosarcoma with gross endobronchial extension.
Giant chest wall tumor resulting from tissue reaction to foreign bodies.
Thoracoscopic treatment of spontaneous pneumothorax using carbon dioxide laser.
Pulmonary resection combined with cardiac operations.
Tracheal reconstruction with polytetrafluoroethylene graft in dogs.
Long-term results of operation for non-small cell lung cancer in the elderly.
Pleuropulmonary morbidity: internal thoracic artery versus saphenous vein graft.
Management of aortobronchial fistula with graft replacement and omentopexy.
Congenital tracheoesophageal fistula associated with carcinoma of the lung in an adult.
Bronchial anomaly of the right upper lobe.
Left recurrent laryngeal nerve paralysis: an unusual presentation of histoplasmosis.
Job's syndrome: a rare cause of recurrent lung abscess in childhood.
Lower extremity weakness as the initial manifestation of lung cancer [published erratum appears in Arch Phys Med Rehabil 1991 Jan;72(1):61]
Diffusing capacity of the lung and nifedipine in systemic sclerosis.
Leiomyosarcoma of the sinonasal tract. A clinicopathologic study of nine cases.
Metastasizing pleomorphic adenoma of the nasal septum.
Glucocorticoids inhibit neurogenic plasma extravasation and prevent virus-potentiated extravasation in the rat trachea.
Transforming growth factor-beta activity in sheep lung lymph during the development of pulmonary hypertension.
Avoiding a wrapped endotracheal tube in laser laryngeal surgery: experiences with apneic anesthesia and metal laser-flex endotracheal tubes.
A palmar dermatosis linked to occult carcinoma of the upper thorax, head and neck: Bazex's syndrome and tripe palm.
Trends in lung cancer incidence and mortality--United States, 1980-1987 [published erratum appears in MMWR Morb Mortal Wkly Rep 1990 Dec 14;39(49):906]
Bronchoscopy in critically ill patients. When is it appropriate?
Emergent signs of cancer. Recognizing them early in the office or ER.
Surgical treatment for secondary retracted nose.
Small cell lung cancer: staging with MR imaging.
Small nodular lesions in the lung periphery: new approach to diagnosis with CT.
Search and nonsearch protocols for radiographic consultation.
Potential usefulness of an artificial neural network for differential diagnosis of interstitial lung diseases: pilot study.
Pulmonary masses: contrast enhancement.
Diagnosis and treatment of pneumonia in the surgical intensive care unit [published erratum appears in Surg Gynecol Obstet 1991 Apr;172(4):324]
Aqueductal (pencil) glioma presenting as neurogenic pulmonary edema: a case report.
Amiodarone: a postmarketing evaluation of monitoring for drug-induced toxicity.
Ability of calcium-entry blockade by felodipine to disclose different pathogenetic mechanisms behind hyperventilation-induced myocardial ischemia in men.
Angiocentric lymphoma with histologic features of neoplastic angioendotheliomatosis presenting with predominant respiratory and hematologic manifestations. Report of a case and review of the literature
Midfacial hypoplasia associated with long-term intubation for bronchopulmonary dysplasia.
Cardiogenic hepatorenal syndrome.
Lymphangiomyomatosis--newer concepts in pathogenesis and management--case reports.
Masqueraders in clinical allergy: laryngeal dysfunction causing dyspnea [published erratum appears in Ann Allergy 1991 Jan;66(1):22]
Mast cell heterogeneity in chronic idiopathic urticaria.
The association of selected cancers with service in the US military in Vietnam. III. Hodgkin's disease, nasal cancer, nasopharyngeal cancer, and primary liver cancer. The Selected Cancers Cooperative Study Group
Decision analysis, public health policy, and isoniazid chemoprophylaxis for young adult tuberculin skin reactors.
Clindamycin vs penicillin for anaerobic lung infections. High rate of penicillin failures associated with penicillin-resistant Bacteroides melaninogenicus.
Spectrum of invasive Haemophilus influenzae type b disease in adults.
Barotrauma associated with high-frequency jet ventilation for hypoxic salvage.
Visualization of acute pulmonary emboli by transesophageal echocardiography.
Combined modality therapy for locally advanced non-small cell lung carcinoma.
Angiocentric immunoproliferative lesion/T-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphoma and the acquired immune deficiency syndrome: a case report and review of the literature.
Chylothorax after posterior spinal instrumentation and fusion.
Swallowing disorders in patients with prolonged orotracheal intubation or tracheostomy tubes.
Does prematurity alter the course of respiratory syncytial virus infection?
Respiratory response and pharmacokinetics of intravenous salbutamol in infants with bronchopulmonary dysplasia.
Incidence of colonization, nosocomial pneumonia, and mortality in critically ill patients using a Trach Care closed-suction system versus an open-suction system: prospective, randomized study.
Pentoxifylline attenuates edema formation in proteolytic enzyme-induced lung injury.
Continuous, in vivo pulmonary venous admixture from fiberoptically measured hemoglobin saturations.
Prototype volume-controlled resuscitator for neonates and infants.
Utility of fiberoptic bronchoscopy in nonresolving pneumonia
Acute lobar atelectasis. A comparison of two chest physiotherapy regimens.
Diagnostic value of maximal exercise tidal volume.
Systemic hypertension in sleep apnea syndrome. Relationship with sleep architecture and breathing abnormalities.
Atypical presentations of Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia in patients receiving inhaled pentamidine prophylaxis.
Rapid diagnosis of lung cancer from palpable metastases by needle thrust.
Elevated prostaglandin E2 levels in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid of patients with bronchogenic carcinoma.
Pulmonary vascular steal in chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension.
Pathologic dependence of oxygen consumption on oxygen delivery in acute respiratory failure secondary to AIDS-related Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia.
Prostacyclin but not phentolamine increases oxygen consumption and skin microvascular blood flow in patients with sepsis and respiratory failure.
Selection and evaluation of recipients for heart-lung and lung transplantation.
Pneumothorax following cytotoxic chemotherapy in malignant lymphoma.
Tracheal stenosis and failure to wean from mechanical ventilation due to herpetic tracheitis.
Septic pulmonary embolism complicating a central venous catheter.
Adult respiratory distress syndrome due to blastomycosis during pregnancy.
Phrenomediastinal echinococcosis.
Pneumomediastinum, pneumothorax and subcutaneous emphysema following the measurement of maximal expiratory pressure in a normal subject.
Ear involvement in the yellow nail syndrome.
Bilious pleural effusion following liver biopsy.
Acute bronchitis: general practitioners' views regarding diagnosis and treatment.
Enteric neuronal autoantibodies in pseudoobstruction with small-cell lung carcinoma.
Segmental vascular resistance in postobstructive pulmonary vasculopathy.
Altered function of pulmonary surfactant in fatty acid lung injury.
Pulmonary blood volume and edema in postpneumonectomy lung growth in rats.
Physiology of aging related to outcome in the adult respiratory distress syndrome.
Congenital midline nasal masses: diagnosis and management.
Effects of prostaglandin E1 on platelet attenuation of oxidant-induced edema in isolated rabbit lungs.
The effect of rifampicin on rhinoscleroma: an electron microscopic study.
Radiological diagnosis of aspirated foreign bodies in children: review of 343 cases.
Chronic sinusitis and the yellow nail syndrome.
Rigid spine syndrome with respiratory failure.
High-frequency oscillatory ventilation compared with conventional intermittent mechanical ventilation in the treatment of respiratory failure in preterm infants: neurodevelopmental status at 16 to 24 months of postterm age. The HIFI Study Group.
Improved outcome at 28 days of age for very low birth weight infants treated with a single dose of a synthetic surfactant
Effect of extracorporeal membrane oxygenation on survival of infants with congenital diaphragmatic hernia.
National survey of the pattern of care for carcinoma of the lung.
Carcinosarcoma and spindle cell carcinoma of the lung. Clinicopathologic and immunohistochemical studies.
Utility of frozen-section evaluation of lymph nodes in the staging of bronchogenic carcinoma at mediastinoscopy and thoracotomy.
Primary osteosarcoma of the lung. Report of two cases and review of the literature.
Inhibition of exercise-induced bronchoconstriction by MK-571, a potent leukotriene D4-receptor antagonist
Reduced allergen-induced nasal congestion and leukotriene synthesis with an orally active 5-lipoxygenase inhibitor
Late pulmonary sequelae of bronchopulmonary dysplasia
N-ras 61 oncogene mutations in Hurthle cell tumors.
Role of small calibre chest tube drainage for iatrogenic pneumothorax.
Intraluminal irradiation for the palliation of lung cancer with the high dose rate micro-Selectron.
Granulomatous Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia in a patient with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Bronchoalveolar lavage via a modified stomach tube in intubated patients with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome and diffuse pneumonia.
Giant lymph node hyperplasia of the lung (Castleman's disease) associated with recurrent pleural effusion.
Asymptomatic rhabdomyolysis of unknown etiology.
Malignant melanoma presenting as nasal obstruction.
Hypersensitivity pneumonitis.
Capillary haemangioma presenting as a lung pseudocyst.
Corticosteroids in primary tuberculosis with bronchial obstruction.
Ventilator dependency in the United Kingdom.
Air leaks and vasopressin release.
Crohn's disease of the lung
Nasal valve malfunction resulting from resection of cancer.
Complications of nasotracheal intubation in neonates, infants and children: a review of 4 years' experience in a children's hospital.
Acute pulmonary oedema following administration of ornithine-8-vasopressin.
Effect of oral omeprazole on intragastric pH and volume in women undergoing elective caesarean section
What causes cryptogenic fibrosing alveolitis? A case-control study of environmental exposure to dust.
Rising mortality from cryptogenic fibrosing alveolitis.
Clinical and prognostic assessment of patients with resected small peripheral lung cancer lesions.
Pulmonary problems in pregnancy.
Childhood pulmonary function following hyaline membrane disease.
The adult respiratory distress syndrome.
Approaches to the patient with aspiration and swallowing disabilities.
Effects of a multidisciplinary management program on neurologically impaired patients with dysphagia.
Bolus versus infusion regimens of etoposide and cisplatin in treatment of non-small cell lung cancer: a study of the North Central Cancer Treatment group
Immune-competent cells of regional lymph nodes in colorectal cancer patients: II. Immunohistochemical analysis of Leu-7+ cells.
Carcinoid tumors.
Congenital abnormalities of the lymphatic system: a new clinical classification.
Hospitalization decision in patients with community-acquired pneumonia: a prospective cohort study.
Ofloxacin treatment of Chlamydia pneumoniae (strain TWAR) lower respiratory tract infections.
Failure to limit quantities of benzodiazepine hypnotic drugs for outpatients: placing the elderly at risk.
Role of systemic therapy in advanced non-small-cell lung cancer.
Admission and mid-stay MedisGroups scores as predictors of death within 30 days of hospital admission.
Perioperative blood transfusion adversely affects prognosis of patients with stage I non-small-cell lung cancer.
Life-threatening complications during anaesthesia in a patient with a ventriculo-atrial shunt and pulmonary hypertension [published erratum appears in Anaesthesia 1991 Mar;46(3):241]
Isolated lung transplantation for pulmonary fibrosis.
Intact epithelial barrier function is critical for the resolution of alveolar edema in humans
The effect of corticosteroid or methotrexate therapy on lung lymphocytes and macrophages in sarcoidosis.
Surfactant replacement improves lung recoil in rabbit lungs after acid aspiration.
Inspiratory flow dynamics during mechanical ventilation in patients with respiratory failure.
Nasal and oral flow-volume loops in normal subjects and patients with obstructive sleep apnea.
Decreased ventilation and hypoxic ventilatory responsiveness are not reversed by naloxone in Lhasa residents with chronic mountain sickness.
Radiologic detection of pleural thickening.
The South Karelia Air Pollution Study. The effects of malodorous sulfur compounds from pulp mills on respiratory and other symptoms.
Methacholine responsiveness among working populations. Relationship to smoking and airway caliber.
Cigarette smoke causes physiologic and morphologic changes of emphysema in the guinea pig.
A rat model of prolonged pulmonary infection due to nontypable Haemophilus influenzae.
Bilateral intrapulmonary hematomas.
Bombesin stimulation of mitogenesis. Specific receptors, signal transduction, and early events.
Gene amplification in human lung cancer. The myc family genes and other proto-oncogenes and growth factor genes.
The ras oncogenes in human lung cancer.
The beta-type transforming growth factor. Mediators of cell regulation in the lung.
Positive and negative regulation of proliferation and differentiation in tracheobronchial epithelial cells.
Genetic strategies of tumor suppression.
Recessive oncogenes in lung cancer.
src expression in small-cell lung carcinoma and other neuroendocrine malignancies.
Aggravation of myasthenia gravis by erythromycin.
Pulmonary capillaritis and glomerulonephritis in an antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody-positive patient with prior granulomatous aortitis.
Pulmonary malakoplakia in a patient with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome. Differential diagnostic considerations.
Extramedullary hematopoiesis in a bronchial carcinoid tumor. An unusual complication of agnogenic myeloid metaplasia.
The role of indium-labelled leukocyte imaging in pyrexia of unknown origin.
Nicardipine reduces the cardio-respiratory toxicity of intravenously administered bupivacaine in rats.
An adherent subline of a unique small-cell lung cancer cell line downregulates antigens of the neural cell adhesion molecule.
Causes of death in the elderly and their changing pattern in Hisayama, a Japanese community. Results from a long-term and autopsy-based study.
Leukocyte larceny: spurious hypoxemia confirmed with pulse oximetry
The electrocardiogram in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Microscopic Wegener's disease: a particular form of Wegener's granulomatosis.
Multiple organ failure: inflammatory priming and activation sequences promote autologous tissue injury.
Endotoxin requirements for alveolar macrophage stimulation.
Neutrophil disorders in burn injury: complement, cytokines, and organ injury.
A lethal complication of papaverine-induced priapism.
Hamman-Rich syndrome revisited
Haemophilus influenzae: an important cause of maternal and neonatal infections.
Cross-sectional physiology of the lung.
Hepatocellular carcinoma within siderotic regenerative nodules: appearance as a nodule within a nodule on MR images.
Sphenochoanal polyps: evaluation with CT and MR imaging.
Inferior hilar window.
Mediastinal abnormalities: detection with storage phosphor digital radiography.
Data compression: effect on diagnostic accuracy in digital chest radiography.
Airway evaluation in children with use of ultrafast CT: pitfalls and recommendations.
Management of post-tuberculous complex aspergilloma of the lung: role of surgical resection.
A general practice based survey of bronchial hyperresponsiveness and its relation to symptoms, sex, age, atopy, and smoking.
A simple method for correcting single breath total lung capacity for underestimation.
Lung fibrosis induced by Thorotrast.
Adult respiratory distress syndrome after limited resection of adenocarcinoma of the lung.
Diffuse alveolar haemorrhage associated with progressive systemic sclerosis.
Eosinophilic granuloma of the lung presenting as a solitary pulmonary nodule.
Effect of obesity on safe duration of apnea in anesthetized humans.
Effect of sulfurous (thermal) water on T lymphocyte proliferative response.
Respiratory health of plywood workers occupationally exposed to formaldehyde.
Involvement of thromboxane and neutrophils in multiple-system organ edema with interleukin-2.
Normalization of ventilation/perfusion relationships after liver transplantation in patients with decompensated cirrhosis: evidence for a hepatopulmonary syndrome.
Role of histamine in natural killer cell-mediated resistance against tumor cells.
Mediastinitis following coronary artery bypass surgery: a 3-year review.
Human serologic response to envelope-associated proteins and adenylate cyclase toxin of Bordetella pertussis.
Pharmacokinetics of intravenous pentamidine in patients with normal renal function or receiving hemodialysis.
Effects of tromethamine and hyperventilation on brain injury in the cat.
The management of flail chest injury: factors affecting outcome.
Molecular pathologic study of human papillomavirus infection in inverted papilloma and squamous cell carcinoma of the nasal cavities and paranasal sinuses.
Esthesioneuroblastoma with intracranial extension.
Surfactant treatment of full-term newborns with respiratory failure.
Risk of respiratory illness associated with day-care attendance: a nationwide study.
Greenfield filter as primary therapy for deep venous thrombosis and/or pulmonary embolism in patients with cancer.
Adult respiratory distress syndrome during pregnancy and immediately postpartum.
Intravenous streptomycin.
Central pulmonary embolism with normal ventilation/perfusion scan-diagnosis by nuclear pulmonary artery flow studies.
Oral corticosteroid therapy for patients with stable chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. A meta-analysis
Respiratory failure and unilateral caudal brainstem infarction.
Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia treated with eflornithine in AIDS patients resistant to conventional therapy.
Extrapulmonary and disseminated tuberculosis in HIV-1-seropositive patients presenting to the acute medical services in Nairobi.
Mechanism of bronchodilator effect in chronic airflow limitation.
Current status of etoposide in the management of small cell lung cancer.
A randomized trial to compare intravenous and oral etoposide in combination with cisplatin for the treatment of small cell lung cancer.
Etoposide in the management of non-small cell lung cancer.
Recent advances in etoposide therapy for non-small cell lung cancer.
Pulmonary metastases and bone sarcomas. Surgical removal of lesions appearing after adjuvant chemotherapy.
Pulmonary surveillance using bronchoscopy and bronchoalveolar lavage during high-dose antineoplastic therapy.
The chest roentgenogram in pulmonary tuberculosis patients seropositive for human immunodeficiency virus type 1.
Target-flow inspiratory muscle training during pulmonary rehabilitation in patients with COPD.
99mTc-anti-CEA radioimmunoscintigraphy of lung adenocarcinoma.
Pulmonary complications of combination therapy with cyclophosphamide and prednisone.
Combined thermodilution and two-dimensional echocardiographic evaluation of right ventricular function during respiratory support with PEEP.
Respiratory failure and death following acute inhalation of mercury vapor. A clinical and histologic perspective.
A longitudinal study of respiratory symptoms in a community population sample. Correlations with smoking, allergen skin-test reactivity, and serum IgE
Natural killer cell activity in a rat model of amiodarone-induced interstitial lung disease.
Minute squamous cell carcinoma arising in the wall of a congenital lung cyst.
Pulmonary reactions caused by welding-induced decomposed trichloroethylene
Lightning injury with lung bleeding in a tracheotomized patient.
Obliterative bronchiolitis: virus induced?
Tension pneumothorax secondary to a gastropleural fistula in a traumatic diaphragmatic hernia.
Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia. Rare cause of hemoptysis.
Noncardiogenic pulmonary edema complicating massive diltiazem overdose.
Cough in hot pepper workers.
Fiberoptic bronchoscopy for refractory cough.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors and cough. Prevalence in an outpatient medical clinic population.
Comparison of incentive spirometry and intermittent positive pressure breathing after coronary artery bypass graft.
Metered dose inhalers for bronchodilator delivery in intubated, mechanically ventilated patients.
Complications of general anesthesia for Nd:YAG laser resection of endobronchial tumors.
Acute eosinophilic pulmonary disease associated with the ingestion of L-tryptophan-containing products.
The diagnostic utility of the antibody-coated bacteria test in intubated patients.
Proximal esophageal pH-metry in patients with 'reflux laryngitis'.
Managing lung disease in late life: a new approach.
Effects of changes in level and pattern of breathing on the sensation of dyspnea.
Compensation of respiratory alkalosis induced after acclimation to simulated altitude.
Role of dopamine and arterial chemoreceptors in thermal tachypnea in conscious cats.
Effects of ligation and embolization on Kf and multiple tracer measurements in dog lungs.
Airflow obstruction after substance P aerosol: contribution of airway and pulmonary edema.
Effect of acute hypercapnia on limb muscle contractility in humans.
Effect of synchronous increase in intrathoracic pressure on cardiac performance during acute endotoxemia.
Time course of changes in lung permeability and edema in the rat exposed to 100% oxygen.
Stimulation of rat endothelial cell transforming growth factor-beta production by bleomycin.
Purification and characterization of a major human Pneumocystis carinii surface antigen.
Mohs micrographic surgery fixed-tissue technique for melanoma of the nose.
Elevated serum concentrations of IgE antibodies to environmental antigens in HIV-seropositive male homosexuals.
Comparison of the effects of inhaled corticosteroids on the airway response to histamine, methacholine, hyperventilation, and sulfur dioxide in subjects with asthma.
Physiologic responses to intranasal dose-response challenges with histamine, methacholine, bradykinin, and prostaglandin in adult volunteers with and without nasal allergy.
A double-blind comparison of intranasal budesonide with placebo for nasal polyposis.
Cytotoxic chemotherapy induces cell differentiation in small-cell lung carcinoma.
Nosocomial pneumonia in adult patients undergoing bone marrow transplantation: a 9-year study.
Effect of dietary alpha-linolenic acid on growth, metastasis, fatty acid profile and prostaglandin production of two murine mammary adenocarcinomas.
The cholecystokinin receptor antagonist devazepide enhances morphine-induced analgesia but not morphine-induced respiratory depression in the squirrel monkey.
Phase II trial of whole-cell pertussis vaccine vs an acellular vaccine containing agglutinogens.
Dexamethasone as an adjunct in oropharyngeal obstruction in a patient with leukemia.
Short course chemotherapy for childhood tuberculosis
A randomized trial of fully intermittent vs. daily followed by intermittent short course chemotherapy for childhood tuberculosis
Spontaneous pneumomediastinum. An unusual cause of a sore throat.
Expression of neurophysin-related precursor in cell membranes of a small-cell lung carcinoma.
Efficacy of doxazosin in specific hypertensive patient groups.
Beta-carotene and cancer prevention: the Basel Study.
Studies evaluating antioxidants and beta-carotene as chemopreventives.
Surfactant replacement therapy in respiratory distress syndrome. Meta-analysis of clinical trials of single-dose surfactant extracts.
Differences in expression of cystic fibrosis in blacks and whites.
Recurrent laryngeal nerve avulsion for treatment of spastic dysphonia.
Laryngeal changes during exercise and exercise-induced asthma.
Congenital tracheal stenosis with unilateral pulmonary agenesis.
Rupture of a benign mediastinal teratoma into the right pleural cavity.
Tracheoesophageal anastomosis for intractable aspiration pneumonia.
Multiple primary bronchogenic carcinomas: treatment and follow-up.
Altered cellular immune function in the atelectatic lung.
Risk stratification of ambulatory patients suspected of Pneumocystis pneumonia.
Hemoptysis. Indications for bronchoscopy.
The ventilator-dependent child: issues in diagnosis and management.
Adult respiratory distress syndrome from organophosphate poisoning.
Mediastinitis following nasal intubation in the emergency department.
Ultrasound assessment of the position of the tongue during induction of anaesthesia.
Factor analysis in difficult tracheal intubation: laryngoscopy-induced airway obstruction.
The cancer experience in the Framingham Heart Study cohort.
Evaluation of serum CA 125 as a tumor marker in non-small cell lung cancer.
Diagnostic sensitivity of different techniques in the diagnosis of lung tumors with the flexible fiberoptic bronchoscope. Comparison of brush biopsy, imprint cytology of forceps biopsy, and histology of forceps biopsy.
Surgical management of pericardial effusion in patients with malignancies. Comparison of subxiphoid window versus pericardiectomy.
Prolonged venous infusion of cisplatin and concurrent radiation therapy for lung carcinoma. A feasibility study.
Malignant fibrous histiocytoma of soft tissue. A population-based epidemiologic and prognostic study of 137 patients.
Life-threatening airway obstruction at the presentation of Hodgkin's disease.
A pilot study of intermediate-dose methotrexate and cytosine arabinoside, "spread-out" or "up-front," in continuation therapy for childhood non-T, non-B acute lymphoblastic leukemia. A Pediatric Oncology Group study.
Clinical characteristics of high-grade lymphomas with immune genes in germline configuration.
Immunosuppressive acidic protein in malignant diseases. Clinical relevance?
Novel antigens characteristic of neuroendocrine malignancies.
Clinicopathologic characteristics of adenosquamous carcinoma of the lung.
Immunohistochemical evaluation of seven monoclonal antibodies for differentiation of pleural mesothelioma from lung adenocarcinoma.
Nonseminomatous germ cell tumor with very high serum human chorionic gonadotropin.
Recurrent renal cell carcinoma arising in Wilms' tumor.
Acute respiratory failure and pulmonary thrombosis in leukemic children.
Comparative epidemiology of cancer between the United States and Japan. A second look.
Once-daily intramuscular ceftriaxone in the outpatient treatment of severe community-acquired pneumonia in children [published erratum appears in Clin Pediatr (Phila) 1991 May;30(5):326]
Bronchopulmonary involvement in ulcerative colitis.
Vocal fold sulcus.
Tracheostomy closure in restrictive respiratory insufficiency.
Cartilaginous metaplasia of the epiglottis.
Fulminant monophasic multiple sclerosis, Marburg's type.
Clustering of cancer in families of patients with primary lung cancer.
Differential diagnosis of lung tumor with positron emission tomography: a prospective study.
SPECT quantitation of iodine-131 concentration in phantoms and human tumors.
Effectiveness of an antihistamine-decongestant combination for young children with the common cold: a randomized, controlled clinical trial.
Treatment of childhood angiomatous diseases with recombinant interferon alfa-2a.
Postoperative adjuvant chemotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer: prognostic value of DNA ploidy and post-recurrent survival.
Adjuvant, specific, active immunotherapy for resectable squamous cell lung carcinoma: a 5-year survival analysis.
Antimicrobial resistance of pneumococci in children with acute lower respiratory tract infection in Pakistan
Measurement of D-dimer in plasma as diagnostic aid in suspected pulmonary embolism
Respiratory arrest in near-fatal asthma
Polymyositis, pulmonary fibrosis and autoantibodies to aminoacyl-tRNA synthetase enzymes.
Mycobacterial infection after renal transplantation--report of 14 cases and review of the literature.
Nosocomial infections due to Xanthomonas maltophilia (Pseudomonas maltophilia) in patients with cancer.
Eosinophilic pneumonia associated with reaction to radiographic contrast medium.
Rheumatoid arthritis of the larynx: the importance of early diagnosis and corticosteroid therapy.
Ultrasonographic findings of testicular microlithiasis associated with intratubular germ cell neoplasia.
Perinatal transmission of human papillomavirus.
Chronic upper lobe cavitary lung disease.
Prevalence of unsuspected mitral regurgitation and left ventricular diastolic dysfunction in patients with coronary artery disease and acute pulmonary edema associated with normal or depressed left ventricular systolic function.
Disseminated Pneumocystis carinii infection with hepatic involvement in a patient with the acquired immune deficiency syndrome.
Pharmacokinetics of ganciclovir in a patient undergoing hemodialysis.
Body position changes redistribute lung computed-tomographic density in patients with acute respiratory failure.
Bronchial responsiveness is not increased by bronchoalveolar and bronchial lavage performed after allergen challenge.
Bronchiolar inflammation and fibrosis associated with smoking. A morphologic cross-sectional population analysis.
A positron emission tomographic comparison of pulmonary vascular permeability during the adult respiratory distress syndrome and pneumonia.
Sepsis-induced lung injury and the effects of ibuprofen pretreatment. Analysis of early alveolar events via repetitive bronchoalveolar lavage.
Sweet's syndrome with lung involvement.
Prognosis of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis in patients with mucous hypersecretion.
The influence of human immunodeficiency virus infection on tuberculosis in Kampala, Uganda.
Serum and lavage lactate dehydrogenase isoenzymes in pulmonary alveolar proteinosis.
Lung health consequences of reported accidental chlorine gas exposures among pulpmill workers.
Silicosis, chronic airflow limitation, and chronic bronchitis in South African gold miners.
Reductions in exercise lactic acidosis and ventilation as a result of exercise training in patients with obstructive lung disease.
Endoscopic ethmoidectomy and maxillary antrostomy in immunodeficient patients.
Hyponatremia and hyperreninemic hypoaldosteronism in a critically ill patient: combination of insensitivity to angiotensin II and tubular unresponsiveness to mineralocorticoid.
Increased extravascular lung water in patients with low pulmonary artery occlusion pressure after acute myocardial infarction.
Breathing circuit respiratory work in infants recovering from respiratory failure.
Single versus double indicator dilution measurements of extravascular lung water.
Young's syndrome (obstructive azoospermia and chronic sinobronchial infection): a quantitative study of axonemal ultrastructure and function.
Exposure to an aeroallergen as a possible precipitating factor in respiratory arrest in young patients with asthma
Pneumocystis carinii infections in HIV-infected children.
Lymphocytic interstitial pneumonia.
Upper respiratory tract infections in young children: duration of and frequency of complications.
Sudden infant death syndrome and small airway occlusion: facts and a hypothesis.
The reliability of magnitude estimation for dyspnea measurement.
Lung abscess: CT-guided drainage.
Malignancy associated with chronic empyema: radiologic assessment.
Detection of Streptococcus pneumoniae and Haemophilus influenzae type b antigens in the serum and urine of patients with pneumonia in Papua New Guinea: comparison of latex agglutination and counterimmunoelectrophoresis.
Bacterial colonization of the upper respiratory tract and its association with acute lower respiratory tract infections in Highland children of Papua New Guinea.
Diversity of outer membrane protein profiles of nontypable Haemophilus influenzae from children from Papua New Guinea and the Philippines.
Epidemiologic risk factors for children with acute lower respiratory tract infection in Buenos Aires, Argentina: a matched case-control study.
Epidemiology of acute respiratory tract infections among Guatemalan ambulatory preschool children.
Epidemiology of acute respiratory tract infections among young children in Kenya.
Child care practices with respect to acute respiratory tract infection in a poor, urban community in Nigeria.
Acute respiratory tract infection in children in Idikan Community, Ibadan, Nigeria: severity, risk factors, and frequency of occurrence.
Malnutrition and acute respiratory tract infections in Filipino children.
Clinicopathologic studies of children who die of acute lower respiratory tract infections: mechanisms of death.
Etiologic, clinical, and pathologic analysis of 31 fatal cases of acute respiratory tract infection in Argentinian children under 5 years of age.
Respiratory rate greater than 50 per minute as a clinical indicator of pneumonia in Filipino children with cough.
The epidemiology of acute respiratory tract infection in young children: comparison of findings from several developing countries. Coordinated Data Group of BOSTID Researchers.
Etiologic and clinical evaluation of acute lower respiratory tract infections in young Argentinian children: an overview.
Acute lower respiratory tract infections in hospitalized patients with diarrhea in Dhaka, Bangladesh.
Diagnoses of acute lower respiratory tract infections in children in Rawalpindi and Islamabad, Pakistan.
Microbial agents associated with pneumonia in children from Uruguay.
Etiology of acute lower respiratory tract infection in children from Alabang, Metro Manila.
Patterns of acute respiratory tract infection in children: a longitudinal study in a depressed community in Metro Manila.
Acute respiratory tract infections among a birth cohort of children from Cali, Colombia, who were studied through 17 months of age.
A community-based study of acute respiratory tract infection in Thai children.
A community-based study of acute respiratory tract infections in children in Uruguay.
Isolation and identification of viral agents in Argentinian children with acute lower respiratory tract infection.
Acute lower respiratory tract infection due to virus among hospitalized children in Dhaka, Bangladesh.
A hospital-based study of acute viral infections of the respiratory tract in Thai children, with emphasis on laboratory diagnosis.
Identification of viruses in a study of acute respiratory tract infection in children from Uruguay.
Aspiration pneumonitis: risk factors and management of the critically ill patient.
Pathophysiology, monitoring, and management of the ventilator-dependent patient: considerations for drug therapy, emphasis on stress ulcer prophylaxis.
Diagnostic value of DNA analysis in effusions by flow cytometry and image analysis. A prospective study on 102 patients as compared with cytologic examination
Widespread dissemination of Pneumocystis carinii infection in a patient with acquired immune deficiency syndrome receiving long-term treatment with aerosolized pentamidine.
Assessment of nasal patency by rhinoscopic measurement of cross sectional nasal airway area: correlation with subjective nasal symptoms.
Thoracoscopy for the diagnosis of pleural disease.
Diagnosing pulmonary embolism: new facts and strategies
Increasing asthma prevalence in a rural New Zealand adolescent population: 1975-89.
Diagnosis of Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia from non-invasive sampling of respiratory secretions.
Air pollution and fatal lung disease in three Utah counties.
Health effects of volcanic ash: a repeat study.
Expression of blood group antigens by normal bronchopulmonary tissues and common forms of pulmonary carcinomas.
Regurgitation of fat and marrow emboli into coronary veins during resuscitation.
Fatal embolization of intestinal contents through a duodenocaval fistula.
Acute pulmonary oedema on the Ruwenzori mountain range.
Interaction of chemical and high vascular pressure injury in isolated canine lung [published erratum appears in J Appl Physiol 1991 Mar;70(3):964]
Cough-enhanced mucus clearance in the normal lung.
Atelectasis affects the rate of arterial desaturation during obstructive apnea.
Failure of therapy with 2,3-dihydroxybenzoic acid to modify the course of sepsis-induced lung injury.
Modulation of Bordetella pertussis infection with monoclonal antibodies to pertussis toxin.
Influence of chemotherapy administration on monocyte activation by liposomal muramyl tripeptide phosphatidylethanolamine in children with osteosarcoma.
Intensive weekly chemotherapy for good-prognosis patients with small-cell lung cancer.
Eosinophilic myositis an expression of L-tryptophan toxicity?
Effect of interleukin-1-beta on metastasis formation in different tumor systems.
Phase I and imaging trial of indium 111-labeled anti-epidermal growth factor receptor monoclonal antibody 225 in patients with squamous cell lung carcinoma
Brief intensive chemotherapy for metastatic non-small-cell lung cancer: a phase II study of the weekly CODE regimen.
Management of primary nonrenal parenchymal malignancies with vena caval thrombus.
Roentgenologic features of pulmonary blastomycosis.
Fungal tracheobronchitis. Report of 9 cases and review of the literature.
At the water's edge: where obstetrics and anesthesia meet
Lung scanning for pulmonary embolism: clinical and pulmonary angiographic correlations.
Risk for postoperative congestive heart failure.
The "natural history" of the transplanted lung: rates of pulmonary functional change in long-term survivors of heart-lung transplantation.
Single-lung transplantation for pulmonary vascular disease.
Gastroesophageal reflux and respiratory symptoms: is there an association? Proposed mechanisms and treatment.
Hypertension with concomitant conditions: the changing role of beta-adrenoceptor blockade.
Body composition by bioelectrical-impedance analysis compared with deuterium dilution and skinfold anthropometry in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Chest wall involvement by lung cancer: computed tomographic detection and results of operation.
Risk factors for nosocomial pneumonia after coronary artery bypass graft operations
Response to chemotherapy does not predict survival after resection of sarcomatous pulmonary metastases.
Pulmonary embolectomy: a 20-year experience at one center
Intrathoracic fibrin glue for postoperative pleuropulmonary fistula.
Aggressive surgical intervention in N2 non-small cell cancer of the lung.
Diagnosis of poststernotomy infection: comparison of three means of assessment.
Misplaced caval filter and subsequent pericardial tamponade.
Total unilateral lung gangrene in Hodgkin's disease: treatment by thoracostomy.
Intraoperative management of severe endobronchial hemorrhage
Nephrotic syndrome complicating adenocarcinoma of the lung with resolution after resection.
Extracorporeal gas exchange in adult respiratory distress syndrome: associated morbidity and its surgical treatment.
Interpleural analgesia improves pulmonary function after cholecystectomy.
Improved outcomes from tertiary center pediatric intensive care: a statewide comparison of tertiary and nontertiary care facilities
Reliability of the bronchoscopic protected catheter brush in the diagnosis of pneumonia in mechanically ventilated patients.
High incidence of cardiopulmonary complications associated with implantation of adrenal medullary tissue into the caudate nucleus in patients with advanced neurologic disease.
Effect of prostaglandin E1 infusion on leukocyte traffic and fibrosis in acute lung injury induced by bleomycin in hamsters.
Inhibition by methylprednisolone of leukocyte-induced pulmonary damage.
Use of a biotinylated DNA probe specific for the human Y chromosome in the evaluation of the allograft lung.
Upper-extremity deep venous thrombosis and pulmonary embolism. A prospective study.
Deep venous thrombosis. Implications after open heart surgery.
Serum leukotriene B4 levels in patients with obstructive pulmonary disease.
Lymphokine-activated killer cell activity in lung cancer.
Magnetic resonance imaging in the diagnosis of pulmonary infarction.
Long-term therapy with deflazacort in chronic sarcoidosis.
Soluble interleukin-2 receptor in sera of patients with pulmonary tuberculosis
Pulmonary involvement in the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
Comparative study of Legionella pneumophila and other nosocomial-acquired pneumonias.
Adenosine deaminase in the diagnosis of tuberculous pleural effusions. A report of 218 patients and review of the literature.
Amiodarone-induced pulmonary toxicity. Immunoallergologic tests and bronchoalveolar lavage phospholipid content.
Utility of bronchoscopic sampling techniques for cryptococcal disease in AIDS.
Acute pulmonary embolism triggered by the act of defecation.
Macrophage colony-stimulating factor activity in malignant pleural effusions. Its augmentation by intrapleural interleukin-2 infusions.
Atopy and primary lung cancer. Histology and sex distribution.
Effect of fast vs slow intralipid infusion on gas exchange, pulmonary hemodynamics, and prostaglandin metabolism.
Auto-PEEP during CPR. An "occult" cause of electromechanical dissociation?
Endobronchial actinomycosis simulating bronchogenic carcinoma. Diagnosis by bronchial biopsy.
The acute and insidious onset of pulmonary metastatic transitional cell carcinoma.
Pulmonary embolism presenting as exercise-induced hypotension.
Spontaneous pneumothorax in AIDS patients with recurrent Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia despite aerosolized pentamidine prophylaxis.
Pathologic bronchial vasculature in a case of massive hemoptysis due to chronic bronchitis.
Bilateral reexpansion pulmonary edema following unilateral pleurocentesis.
Treatment of atelectasis with selective bronchial suctioning. Use of a curved-tipped catheter with a guide mark.
Asthma and chronic obstructive lung disease: a pharmacologic approach.
Severe preeclampsia presenting as dysphonia secondary to uvular edema. A case report.
Accelerated silicosis in Scottish stonemasons.
Epidemiology of acute respiratory infections in young children from Thailand.
Viral pneumonia in the first month of life.
Klebsiella pneumonia in the modern era: clinicoradiographic correlations.
Adenotonsillectomy in children with sickle cell disease.
Giant cell interstitial pneumonia.
Necrotizing tracheobronchitis: complication of mechanical ventilation in an adult.
Cavitary Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia in patients receiving aerosol pentamidine prophylaxis.
Embolism of cerebral tissue: a cause of coagulopathy and cerebral infarction? Report of a case.
Return of tuberculosis: screening and preventive therapy
An evaluation of the use of the Statewide Planning and Research Cooperative System of New York State as a resource planning tool for HIV infection.
Survival trends of people with AIDS in Washington State.
Adult respiratory distress syndrome.
Gastro-oesophageal reflux during elective laparoscopy.
Aspiration pneumonia and the laryngeal mask airway
Atlanto-axial subluxation in Down's syndrome.
Quantitation of abnormal 67Ga uptake in pulmonary interstitial vascular disease--a new test to detect diffuse lung disease.
Heparin-induced thrombocytopenia: a case report.
Mechanisms of gas-exchange impairment in idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis.
Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia and respiratory failure in AIDS. Improved outcomes and increased use of intensive care units.
Increased levels of oxidized methionine residues in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid proteins from patients with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis.
Immunoglobulin G antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibodies are produced in the respiratory tract of patients with Wegener's granulomatosis.
Size distribution of human lung elastin-derived peptide antigens generated in vitro and in vivo.
Early post-treatment with pentoxifylline or dibutyryl cAMP attenuates Escherichia coli-induced acute lung injury in guinea pigs.
A ten-year follow-up study of cotton textile workers.
Relationship of respiratory symptoms and pulmonary function to tar, nicotine, and carbon monoxide yield of cigarettes.
Initial airway function is a risk factor for recurrent wheezing respiratory illnesses during the first three years of life. Group Health Medical Associates.
The normal range of diurnal changes in peak expiratory flow rates. Relationship to symptoms and respiratory disease.
Protective effect of theophylline on bronchial hyperresponsiveness in patients with allergic rhinitis.
Airways inflammation in nocturnal asthma.
Lymphokine-induced airway hyperresponsiveness in the rat.
Acute effects of interleukin-2 on lung mechanics and airway responsiveness in rats.
Complement activation is a secondary rather than a causative factor in rabbit pulmonary artery ischemia/reperfusion injury.
Morphometric analysis of the lung in bronchopulmonary dysplasia.
Bronchoalveolar lavage analysis in Wegener's granulomatosis. A method to study disease pathogenesis.
Cellular and molecular basis of the asbestos-related diseases.
Eosinophilic airway inflammation during exacerbation of asthma and its treatment with inhaled corticosteroid.
Aggressive cavitary pulmonary sarcoidosis.
Hypersensitivity pneumonitis versus invasive pulmonary aspergillosis: two cases with unusual pathologic findings and review of the literature.
Reversed helper/suppressor T-lymphocyte ratio in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid from patients with breast cancer and Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia.
External fixation using microplates after laryngotracheal expansion surgery. An animal study.
Single-stage laryngotracheal reconstruction.
The characteristics of children with epiglottitis who develop the complication of pulmonary edema.
Salivary gland involvement in Wegener's granulomatosis.
Pupil cycle time and early autonomic involvement in ocular leprosy.
Small cell carcinoma of the prostate.
Hypersensitivity reactions to epipodophyllotoxins in children with acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Cisplatin, continuous-infusion 5-fluorouracil, and intermediate-dose methotrexate in the treatment of unresectable non-small cell carcinoma of the lung.
Ultrasound-guided hepatic cryosurgery in the treatment of metastatic colon carcinoma. Preliminary results.
Immunohistologic evaluation of parathyroid hormone-related protein in human lung cancer and normal tissue with newly developed monoclonal antibody.
Screening for lung cancer. A critique of the Mayo Lung Project.
The applications of imaging in lung cancer.
Prognostic implications of DNA histogram, DNA content, and histologic changes of regional lymph nodes in patients with lung cancer.
Primary and metastatic pulmonary meningioma.
Lung cancer in patients younger than 40 years of age.
The use of ketoconazole in ectopic adrenocorticotropic hormone syndrome.
Human leukoagglutinating antibody evokes cooperative leukotriene synthesis in pulmonary microvasculature. Model of transfusion-related acute lung injury.
Differentiation between the intensity of breathlessness and the distress it evokes in normal subjects during exercise.
Treatment of obstructive pneumatosis coli with endoscopic sclerotherapy: report of a case.
Interstitial lung disease.
Pneumonia: update on diagnosis and treatment.
Sedation for upper gastrointestinal endoscopy: results of a nationwide survey.
Delivery dependence of early proximal bicarbonate reabsorption in the rat in respiratory acidosis and alkalosis.
Expression of rat renal Na/H antiporter mRNA levels in response to respiratory and metabolic acidosis.
Septic shock and death due to occult sinusitis.
Fatal pulmonary embolism caused by streptokinase treatment of deep venous thrombosis of the leg?
Variables influencing tumor uptake of anti-melanoma monoclonal antibodies radioiodinated using para-iodobenzoyl (PIB) conjugate
Dapsone as a single agent is suboptimal therapy for Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia.
Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia in patients with AIDS: evaluation of lavage and staining techniques in diagnosis.
Treatable abdominal pathologic conditions and unsuspected malignant neoplasms at autopsy in veterans who received mechanical ventilation.
Protective efficacy of Haemophilus influenzae type b polysaccharide and conjugate vaccines in children 18 months of age and older.
Mucoepidermoid carcinoma of the salivary glands: a reappraisal of the influence of tumor differentiation on prognosis.
Is there ever a role for salvage operations in limited small-cell lung cancer?
Radon and health
Perception of breathlessness during bronchoconstriction induced by antigen, exercise, and histamine challenges.
Modified muscle sparing posterolateral thoracotomy.
Inhaled micronised gentamicin powder: a new delivery system.
Lung function 8-18 years after intermittent positive pressure ventilation for hyaline membrane disease.
Effects of hypothyroidism on bronchial reactivity in non-asthmatic subjects.
Performance and prognosis in patients with lung cancer. The Edinburgh Lung Cancer Group.
Life threatening haemoptysis in cystic fibrosis: an alternative therapeutic approach [published erratum appears in Thorax 1991 Apr;46(4):274]
Intercostal arteriovenous fistula due to pleural biopsy
Chylothorax secondary to obstruction of the superior vena cava: a complication of the LeVeen shunt.
Pulmonary embolization of iodine-125 seeds following prostate implantation.
Prognostic factors and value of adjunctive nephrectomy in patients with stage IV renal cell carcinoma.
Papillary carcinoma of the thyroid with mucoepidermoid features.
Continuous electrocardiographic monitoring in hypertensive crises in pregnancy.
Neonatal complications at term as related to the degree of umbilical artery acidemia.
Ultrastructure of respiratory cilia of WIC-Hyd male rats. An animal model for human immotile cilia syndrome.
Selective differences in macrophage populations and monokine production in resolving pulmonary granuloma and fibrosis.
Thromboxane synthetase inhibition decreases polymorphonuclear leukocyte activation following hindlimb ischemia.
Treatment of intractable aspiration using a laryngeal stent or obturator.
Transtracheal delivery of oxygen: efficacy and safety for long-term continuous therapy.
Surgical applications of ultrathin flexible bronchoscopes in infants.
Skull base malignancy following long-term sinus mucocele and osteomyelitis.
Laryngeal dystonia: a series with botulinum toxin therapy.
Management of subglottic stenosis in the adult.
Radiological abnormalities among sheet-metal workers in the construction industry in the United States and Canada: relationship to asbestos exposure.
Proportion of lung and bladder cancers in males resulting from occupation: a systematic approach
Pulmonary tumor embolism to alveolar septal capillaries. A prospective study of 12 cases.
Pneumonia complicating abdominal sepsis. An independent risk factor for mortality.
Detection of HIV-1 in human lung macrophages using the polymerase chain reaction.
Low-dose dapsone prophylaxis of Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia in AIDS and AIDS-related complex.
Impact of HIV on tuberculosis in Zambia: a cross sectional study
Prevalence of acute mountain sickness in the Swiss Alps.
Physical and psychosocial consequences of total laryngectomy.
Chronic otitis media: the significance of nasal obstruction.
Lymphocytes and nonlymphoid cells in human nasal polyps.
Diagnostic value of anti-neuronal antibodies for paraneoplastic disorders of the nervous system.
Bronchopulmonary dysplasia: improvement in lung function between 7 and 10 years of age.
Relationship of parental smoking to wheezing and nonwheezing lower respiratory tract illnesses in infancy. Group Health Medical Associates.
Community-acquired influenza C virus infection in children.
Decreased mortality rate among small premature infants treated at birth with a single dose of synthetic surfactant: a multicenter controlled trial. American Exosurf Pediatric Study Group 1.
Preoperative chemotherapy (cisplatin and fluorouracil) and radiation therapy in stage III non-small-cell lung cancer: a phase II study of the Lung Cancer Study Group.
Ibuprofen prevents deterioration in static transpulmonary compliance and transalveolar protein flux in septic porcine acute lung injury.
The rat lung organotypic culture: an in vitro model for studying surfactant metabolism abnormalities.
Isolated hyoid bone fracture: a case report and review of the literature.
Microscopic pulmonary tumor embolism causing subacute cor pulmonale: a difficult antemortem diagnosis [published erratum appears in Mayo Clin Proc 1991 Apr;66(4):439]
Oxygen-exacerbated bleomycin pulmonary toxicity
Pulmonary aspergillosis in the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome
Orofacial metastasis of pulmonary giant cell carcinoma.
CT and MR imaging in staging non-small cell bronchogenic carcinoma: report of the Radiologic Diagnostic Oncology Group.
Pulmonary atelectasis: signal patterns with MR imaging.
Fungal pulmonary infections after bone marrow transplantation: evaluation with radiography and CT.
Apical opacity associated with pulmonary tuberculosis: high-resolution CT findings.
Interstitial lung disease: impact of postprocessing in digital storage phosphor imaging.
Lesions that manifest as medial cheek and nasolabial fold masses.
Outpatient assessment of infants with bronchiolitis.
Increased transient tachypnea of the newborn in infants of asthmatic mothers.
Should you cancel the operation when a child has an upper respiratory tract infection?
Pneumothorax in AIDS
Therapy of pulmonary nocardiosis in immunocompromised mice.
Deferoxamine and eflornithine (DL-alpha-difluoromethylornithine) in a rat model of Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia.
Recurrent wheezy bronchitis and viral respiratory infections
Wegener's granulomatosis presenting as temporal arteritis.
Fatal pulmonary venoocclusive disease secondary to a generalized venulopathy: a new syndrome presenting with facial swelling and pericardial tamponade.
Tension pneumothorax associated with hyperbaric oxygen therapy.
Choroidal lesions in patients with AIDS.
Treatment of end-stage chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with double lung transplantation.
Acid phosphatase (EC 3.1.3.2) activity in alveolar macrophages from patients with active sarcoidosis.
Safety of the transbronchial biopsy in outpatients.
Lung mechanics and gas exchange during exercise in pulmonary sarcoidosis.
Stair climbing as an exercise test to predict the postoperative complications of lung resection. Two years' experience.
Spirometric criteria for hospital admission of patients with acute exacerbation of COPD.
Pulmonary tolerance of prophylactic aerosolized pentamidine in human immunodeficiency virus-infected patients.
Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia complicating multiple myeloma.
Diagnosis of disease caused by Mycobacterium avium complex.
Erythromycin reduces the severity of bronchial hyperresponsiveness in asthma.
IL-1 and IL-1 inhibitory activity in the culture supernatants of alveolar macrophages from patients with interstitial lung diseases.
Right ventricular dysfunction in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Evaluation and management.
Indications for spirometry in outpatients with respiratory disease.
Paradoxic air embolism in the absence of an intracardiac defect.
Hypercapnic respiratory failure due to L-tryptophan-induced eosinophilic polymyositis.
Subcutaneous and mediastinal emphysema associated with hypersensitivity pneumonitis.
Use of indium 111-labeled white blood cell scan in the diagnosis of cytomegalovirus pneumonia in a renal transplant recipient with a normal chest roentgenogram.
Central neurogenic hyperventilation in invasive laryngeal carcinoma.
Hypertrophic osteoarthropathy in association with pulmonary tuberculosis.
Fatal adult respiratory distress syndrome following successful treatment of pulmonary strongyloidiasis.
Pleural Pneumocystis carinii infection.
Unusual presentation of recurrent Wegener's granulomatosis.
The role of passive immunity in bovine respiratory syncytial virus-infected calves.
Vaccination of cotton rats with a chimeric FG glycoprotein of human respiratory syncytial virus induces minimal pulmonary pathology on challenge.
Immune responses to Bordetella pertussis infection and vaccination.
Hypogammaglobulinemia associated with cytomegalovirus pneumonia.
Serotypes of respiratory isolates of Streptococcus pneumoniae compared with the capsular types included in the current pneumococcal vaccine.
Nosocomial Legionnaires' disease and use of medication nebulizers.
No detection of characteristic fungal protein elongation factor EF-3 in Pneumocystis carinii.
Meta-analysis in epidemiology, with special reference to studies of the association between exposure to environmental tobacco smoke and lung cancer: a critique
Activated protooncogenes in human lung tumors from smokers.
Lack of increased bleeding after paracentesis and thoracentesis in patients with mild coagulation abnormalities.
The use of monoclonal antibody 44-3A6 in cell blocks in the diagnosis of lung carcinoma, carcinomas metastatic to lung and pleura, and pleural malignant mesothelioma.
Results of bronchoscopically obtained lower airway cultures from adult sickle cell disease patients with the acute chest syndrome.
Emergency adenotonsillectomy for acute postoperative upper airway obstruction
Treatment of decompensated chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in the emergency department--correlation between clinical features and prognosis.
The "fallen lung with absent hilum" signs of complete bronchial transection [published erratum appears in Ann Emerg Med 1991 Jun;20(6):671]
Nutrition and bronchopulmonary dysplasia
Association of pneumothorax and hypotension with intraventricular haemorrhage.
Anaesthetic management of a 2-month-old infant for laser resection of vocal cord granuloma.
Antithrombotic efficacy of continuous extradural analgesia after knee replacement.
Traumatic subarachnoid-pleural fistula in a child. A case report.
Pneumocystis carinii infection of the thyroid in a hypothyroid patient with AIDS: diagnosis by fine needle aspiration biopsy.
Monoclonal immunofluorescence compared with silver stain for investigating Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia.
Mechanical ventilation in medical and neurological diseases: 11 years of experience.
Pneumothorax in a patient with Wegener's granulomatosis during treatment with immunosuppressive agents.
Chemotherapy of brain metastases from lung carcinoma: a controlled randomized study.
Pott's puffy tumor: a complication of frontal sinusitis.
Presentation and management of an acute caffeine overdose.
Respiratory distress in a child in the office.
Upper respiratory tract infections.
Lower respiratory tract infections.
Cerebral venous thrombosis: new causes for an old syndrome?
Antibodies directed against neutrophils (C-ANCA and P-ANCA) are of distinct diagnostic value in systemic vasculitis.
Radiographic manifestations of congenital anomalies affecting the airway.
Bronchopulmonary and neurenteric forms of foregut anomalies. Imaging for diagnosis and management.
Radiographic manifestations of anomalies of the lung.
Pharmacokinetics of cefepime in patients with respiratory tract infections.
Nasal midline masses in infants and children. Dermoids, encephaloceles, and gliomas.
Somatostatin and analogues in the treatment of cancer. A review
Hemodynamic effects of lobar pulmonary artery occlusion in a porcine sepsis model.
Computed tomography-guided minithoracotomy for the resection of small peripheral pulmonary nodules.
Left ventricular pseudoaneurysm with hemoptysis.
Procainamide-induced respiratory insufficiency after cardiopulmonary bypass.
Carcinosarcoma of the lung with hypertrophic pulmonary osteoarthropathy.
False aneurysm formation of the great arteries after arterial switch operation.
Fistulas between the aorta and tracheobronchial tree.
Enhanced antitumor reactivity of tumor-sensitized T cells by interferon alfa.
Bilateral iliac vein filtration. An effective alternative to caval filtration in patients with megacava.
Cytologic diagnosis of aspergillosis in cardiac transplantation.
Endoscopic repair of supraglottic laryngeal clefts.
Endoscopic and computed tomographic findings in ostiomeatal sinus disease.
Reconstruction of pediatric larynx and upper trachea with the sternohyoid rotary door flap.
Nasal reconstruction with articulated irradiated rib cartilage.
Changing disease patterns in patients with AIDS in a referral centre in the United Kingdom: the changing face of AIDS
Spontaneous pneumothorax: marker gas technique for predicting outcome of manual aspiration [published erratum appears in BMJ 1991 Mar 23;302(6778):697]
Exercise testing in the assessment of pulmonary disease.
Bronchoalveolar lavage.
Pulmonary aspiration during emergency endoscopy in patients with upper gastrointestinal hemorrhage.
Helium-oxygen mixture in the treatment of postextubation stridor in pediatric trauma patients.
Pulmonary artery occlusion-left atrial pressure gradient: an important factor in determining pulmonary venous vascular resistance in acute pulmonary failure.
Stable and reproducible porcine model of acute lung injury induced by oleic acid.
'Two-stage turbinectomy': sequestration of the inferior turbinate following submucosal diathermy.
Paraneoplastic limbic encephalitis: clinico-pathological correlations.
A target feedback device for ventilatory muscle training.
Treatment of limited small-cell lung cancer with concurrent etoposide/cisplatin and radiotherapy followed by intensification with high-dose cyclophosphamide: a Southwest Oncology Group study.
Dose-intensity meta-analysis of chemotherapy regimens in small-cell carcinoma of the lung.
Differences in access to zidovudine (AZT) among symptomatic HIV-infected persons.
Fundoplication and gastrostomy in familial dysautonomia.
Radiotherapy alone versus combined chemotherapy and radiotherapy in nonresectable non-small-cell lung cancer: first analysis of a randomized trial in 353 patients.
Mortality among workers at Oak Ridge National Laboratory. Evidence of radiation effects in follow-up through 1984 [published erratum appears in JAMA 1991 Aug 7;266(5):657]
Surgical treatment for limited small-cell lung cancer. The University of Toronto Lung Oncology Group experience.
Discriminate use of electrocautery on the median sternotomy incision. A 0.16% wound infection rate.
Co-trimoxazole for childhood febrile illness in malaria-endemic regions.
Cutaneous vasoconstrictor response to glucocorticoids in asthma.
Surfactant apoprotein-A concentration in sputum for diagnosis of pulmonary alveolar proteinosis.
Increased airways reactivity after smoke inhalation.
Cutaneous hypersensitivity reactions due to thiacetazone in HIV-1 seropositive patients treated for tuberculosis
Origin of nasal polyps.
A comparison of surfactant as immediate prophylaxis and as rescue therapy in newborns of less than 30 weeks' gestation
Orthopedic complications. Compartment syndrome, fat embolism syndrome, and venous thromboembolism.
What to do when an x-ray film suggests lung cancer.
Maxillary sinus hypoplasia masquerading as chronic sinusitis.
A mouse model for investigating the molecular pathogenesis of adenovirus pneumonia.
Effects of epidermal growth factor and analogues of luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone and somatostatin on phosphorylation and dephosphorylation of tyrosine residues of specific protein substrates in various tumors.
Computed tomography and the TNM classification of lung cancer.
Perioperative effect of methylprednisolone given during lung surgery on plasma concentrations of C3a and C5a.
Community-acquired pulmonary infections in a public municipal hospital in the 1980s.
Spontaneous rupture of the stomach in an adult.
Late arterial hemorrhage secondary to a Greenfield filter requiring operative intervention.
Gastroesophageal reflux in infants.
Cardiac Arrest in Seattle: Conventional Versus Amiodarone Drug Evaluation (the CASCADE study).
The intratracheal administration of endotoxin and cytokines. III. The interleukin-1 (IL-1) receptor antagonist inhibits endotoxin- and IL-1-induced acute inflammation.
Contrasting roles for tumor necrosis factor in the pathogeneses of IgA and IgG immune complex lung injury.
Role of hypoxic drive in regulation of postapneic ventilation during sleep in patients with obstructive sleep apnea.
Tuberculosis in house staff. A decision analysis comparing the tuberculin screening strategy with the BCG vaccination.
Cellular immunity in current active pulmonary tuberculosis.
A retrospective cohort study of the risk of tuberculosis among women of childbearing age with HIV infection in Zaire.
Adverse health effects among adults exposed to home dampness and molds.
Respiratory effects of occupational exposure in a general population sample in north Italy.
Cultured peripheral blood mononuclear cells derived from patients with acute severe asthma ("status asthmaticus") spontaneously elaborate a neutrophil chemotactic activity distinct from interleukin-8.
Role of pulmonary inflammation in altered airway responsiveness in three sheep models of acute lung injury.
Plasma levels of tumor necrosis factor in the adult respiratory distress syndrome.
Fibrinogen depletion and control of permeability in oleic acid lung injury.
Quantifying lung structure. Experimental design and biologic variation in various models of lung injury.
Panlobular emphysema in young intravenous Ritalin abusers.
Rate of oxyhemoglobin desaturation in obstructive versus nonobstructive apnea.
Acute respiratory failure caused by pulmonary vasculitis after L-tryptophan ingestion.
Infections in HIV-infected travelers: risks and prevention.
In vitro activity of tosufloxacin, a new quinolone, against respiratory pathogens derived from cystic fibrosis sputum.
Safety and pharmacokinetics of rimantadine small-particle aerosol.
In vitro susceptibilities of Bordetella pertussis and Bordetella parapertussis to seven fluoroquinolones.
Blue breath holding is benign.
Low-dose heparin. A cause of hematoma of rectus abdominis.
Melioidosis. Forgotten, but not gone!
Heterogeneity in spasmodic dysphonia. Neurologic and voice findings.
Respiratory muscle involvement in nemaline myopathy.
Stimulation of tumor cell growth by vasoactive intestinal peptide.
Meningeal carcinomatosis in breast cancer. Prognostic factors and influence of treatment.
Serum ferritin and stomach cancer risk among a Japanese population.
Clinical and laboratory correlates of Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia in children infected with HIV.
CD4 T-lymphocyte counts and Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia in pediatric HIV infection.
The epidemiology of tuberculosis among North Carolina migrant farm workers [published erratum appears in JAMA 1991 Jul 3;266(1):66]
Plastic bronchitis: an old disease revisited.
Geriatric voice and laryngeal dysfunction.
Problems associated with prolonged intubation in the geriatric patient.
Paranasal sinusitis. Geriatric considerations.
Etiology of acute lower respiratory tract infections in Gambian children: I. Acute lower respiratory tract infections in infants presenting at the hospital.
Etiology of acute lower respiratory tract infections in Gambian children: II. Acute lower respiratory tract infection in children ages one to nine years presenting at the hospital.
The sensation of pulmonary dyspnea in school-age children.
Respiratory deficiency in experimental idiopathic scoliosis.
Chest CT combined with artificial pneumothorax: value in determining origin and extent of tumor.
Lymphoma of the lung: CT findings in 31 patients.
The occupational history in the primary care setting.
Can nurses perform surgical cricothyrotomy with acceptable success and complication rates?
Thrombolytic therapy for noncoronary diseases.
Endoscopic laser surgery. A single-center comprehensive experience.
Tracheoplasty for congenital long-segment intrathoracic tracheal stenosis.
The failure of serial pneumatic cuff venous occlusion plethysmography to predict patients at risk for pulmonary emboli after trauma.
Embryonal carcinoma of the testis presenting as a left heart mass.
Acute febrile neutrophilic dermatosis in childhood (Sweet's syndrome).
Proximity of the home to a cooling tower and risk of non-outbreak Legionnaires' disease.
The chest radiograph appearances seen following high dose chemotherapy and autologous bone marrow transplantation for resistant malignant lymphoma.
Paraesthesiae and tetany induced by voluntary hyperventilation. Increased excitability of human cutaneous and motor axons.
Clostridial bacteremia in cancer patients. A 12-year experience.
Sputum occult blood screening for lung cancer. Stage II screening of 14,431 subjects.
Prostatic duct adenocarcinoma. Findings at radical prostatectomy.
Immunochemical and immunohistochemical studies on three aldolase isozymes in human lung cancer.
Differentiated thyroid carcinomas in children and adolescents.
Cerebral metastases from ovarian carcinoma.
Immunological identification and distribution of parathyroid hormone-like protein polypeptides in normal and malignant tissues.
Differential effects of continuous versus intermittent suction on tracheal tissue.
Persistence of enhanced aerosol deposition in the lung after recovery from carbachol-induced airway obstruction.
Allergen-induced increase in airway responsiveness and inflammation in mild asthma.
Role of hemodynamics and vagus nerves in development of fibrin-induced pulmonary edema.
Effect of positive airway pressure on capillary transit time in rabbit lung.
Pulmonary compliance: early assessment of evolving lung injury after onset of sepsis.
Altered surfactant function and metabolism in rabbits with acute lung injury.
Alar rim reconstruction utilizing a perinasal transposition flap overlying a hinged "turn-down" flap.
Reassessment of the temporal patterns of bronchial obstruction after exposure to occupational sensitizing agents.
Eosinophil cationic protein stimulates and major basic protein inhibits airway mucus secretion.
Clinical management of the complications of HIV infection.
Mycobacterial disease associated with HIV infection.
Controversies in the management of HIV-related illnesses.
Recent advances in the medical management of early HIV disease.
The use of flumazenil in a neonate.
Bialaphos poisoning with apnea and metabolic acidosis.
Full recovery after a chloroquine suicide attempt.
Noncardiogenic pulmonary edema following upper airway obstruction. 7 cases and a review of the literature.
A randomized, controlled trial of prophylactic ganciclovir for cytomegalovirus pulmonary infection in recipients of allogeneic bone marrow transplants; The City of Hope-Stanford-Syntex CMV Study Group
Postpneumonectomy syndrome after left lung resection.
Chronic diffuse interstitial lung disease: diagnostic value of chest radiography and high-resolution CT.
Clot-trapper device for transjugular thrombectomy from the inferior vena cava.
Catheter-based intravascular ultrasound imaging of chronic thromboembolic pulmonary disease.
Effects of halothane on hypoxic pulmonary vasoconstriction in canine atelectasis.
Occult inferior vena cava thrombosis: diagnosis by sonography--case reports.
The role of intracaval filters in patients with COPD and DVT.
Surgical management of tracheal stenosis in an infant with multiple congenital anomalies: when is baby inoperable?
Cancer incidence among foundry workers in Denmark.
Silicosis and lung cancer in U.S. metal miners.
Respiratory hospital admissions associated with PM10 pollution in Utah, Salt Lake, and Cache Valleys.
Pediatric sinusitis. The role of endoscopic sinus surgery in cystic fibrosis and other forms of sinonasal disease.
Bilateral vocal cord teflon injection. An ineffective treatment for recurrent aspiration pneumonia.
Laryngeal involvement in disseminated coccidioidomycosis.
Clinical evaluation of a new chest tube used in neonates.
Transesophageal echocardiography in evaluation and management after a Fontan procedure.
Human ehrlichiosis: a rickettsial disease associated with severe cholestasis and multisystemic disease.
Natural death as viewed by the medical examiner: a review of 1000 consecutive autopsies of individuals dying of natural disease.
Cocaine babies: the scourge of the '90s.
Frequency and severity of infections in day care: three-year follow-up.
Randomized, placebo-controlled trial of human surfactant given at birth versus rescue administration in very low birth weight infants with lung immaturity
Effects of two rescue doses of a synthetic surfactant on mortality rate and survival without bronchopulmonary dysplasia in 700- to 1350-gram infants with respiratory distress syndrome. The American Exosurf Neonatal Study Group I
Characterization of long-term survivors of acquired immunodeficiency syndrome. The Long-term Survivor Collaborative Study Group.
AIDS-associated polyclonal lymphoma: identification of a new HIV-associated disease process.
Comparison of outcomes of double and single lung transplantation for obstructive lung disease. The Toronto Lung Transplant Group.
The importance of acquired diffuse bronchomalacia in heart-lung transplant recipients with obliterative bronchiolitis.
A controlled study of inhaled pentamidine for primary prevention of Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia.
Expression of blood-group antigen A--a favorable prognostic factor in non-small-cell lung cancer.
Surgical correction of hydrothorax from diaphragmatic eventration in children on peritoneal dialysis.
In vitro evaluation of bleomycin-induced cell lethality from plastic and glass containers.
North American blastomycosis.
COPD: management and rehabilitation.
Relationships between growth and acute lower-respiratory infections in children aged less than 5 y in a highland population of Papua New Guinea.
Tracheal extubation in children: halothane versus isoflurane, anesthetized versus awake.
Cardiopulmonary effects of an anterior mediastinal mass in dogs anesthetized with halothane.
Evaluation of the potential role of serodiagnosis of tuberculosis in a clinic in Bolivia by decision analysis.
Cumulative AIDS incidence and altered mortality from mycobacterial disease: New Jersey.
Lung cancer histology in Jews and Arabs in Israel, 1962-1982.
Factors determining pulmonary deposition of aerosolized pentamidine in patients with human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Prospective study of nosocomial pneumonia and of patient and circuit colonization during mechanical ventilation with circuit changes every 48 hours versus no change.
Effect of atopy on the natural history of symptoms, peak expiratory flow, and bronchial responsiveness in 7- and 8-year-old children with cough and wheeze. A 12-month longitudinal study.
Steroid-induced reduction of histamine release does not alter the clinical nasal response to cold, dry air.
Lung vascular injury after administration of viable hemolysin-forming Escherichia coli in isolated rabbit lungs.
Enhanced expression of CD2 antigen on lung T cells.
Alveolar macrophage migration after lung transplantation.
Gcglobulin functions as a cochemotaxin in the lower respiratory tract. A potential mechanism for lung neutrophil recruitment in cigarette smokers.
Protected bronchoalveolar lavage. A new bronchoscopic technique to retrieve uncontaminated distal airway secretions.
Effect of high-frequency ventilation on the development of alveolar edema in premature monkeys at risk for hyaline membrane disease.
Critical analysis of neoadjuvant therapy for Stage IIIa non-small cell lung cancer [corrected] [published erratum appears in Am Rev Respir Dis 1991 Jun;143(6):1473]
The fetus as a patient. Surgical considerations.
Suppressive effects of visceral tumor on the generation of antitumor T cells for adoptive immunotherapy.
Characteristics of a new angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor: delapril.
Comparative study of the effects of three angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors on the cough reflex.
Mental stress as a provocative test in patients with various clinical syndromes of coronary heart disease.
Stressful experience and cardiorespiratory disorders.
Pneumatic chest wall compression. A cause of respiratory failure from massive subcutaneous emphysema.
Obstructive sleep apnea presenting with nocturnal angina, heart failure, and near-miss sudden death.
Effects of indomethacin on hepatogenic pulmonary angiodysplasia.
PEEP and "reverse mismatch". A case where less PEEP is best.
Intrapleural tetracycline for spontaneous pneumothorax in acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Closure of a bronchopleural fistula with bronchoscopic instillation of tetracycline.
Chylothorax as presenting manifestation of adenocarcinoma with probable gastric primary.
Treatment with acyclovir of varicella pneumonia in pregnancy.
Benefits of a multidisciplinary pulmonary rehabilitation program. Improvements are independent of lung function.
Predictors of improvement in the 12-minute walking distance following a six-week outpatient pulmonary rehabilitation program.
Diagnostic, morphologic, and histopathologic correlates in bronchogenic carcinoma. A review of 1,045 bronchoscopic examinations.
Can concomitant restriction be detected in adult men with airflow obstruction?
Medication adherence patterns in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Reliability of six pulse oximeters in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Analysis of referrals for lung transplantation. The Washington University Lung Transplantation Group.
Bronchodilator responses to anticholinergic and beta-adrenergic agents in acute and stable COPD
Treatment of malignant pleural effusions with doxorubicin hydrochloride-containing poly(L-lactic acid) microspheres.
Respiratory symptoms and risk factors in an Arizona population sample of Anglo and Mexican-American whites.
A multivariate analysis of the risk of pulmonary complications after laparotomy.
High-resolution ultrafast chest CT in the clinical management of febrile bone marrow transplant patients with normal or nonspecific chest roentgenograms
Tumor cell heterogeneity and subpopulations with metastatic ability in differentiated adenocarcinoma of the lung. Histologic and cytofluorometric DNA analyses.
Effects of prostaglandin E1 in postoperative surgical patients with circulatory deficiency.
Increased survival of ARDS patients with severe hypoxemia (ECMO criteria).
Bolus, front-loaded, and accelerated thrombolytic infusions for myocardial infarction and pulmonary embolism.
Principles of thrombolysis in pulmonary embolism.
Recent advances in the diagnosis and lytic therapy of pulmonary embolism.
Theophylline in asthma and COPD: changing perspectives and controversies.
Relationship of fluid filtration to lung vascular pressure during edema.
Effect of chronic resistive loading on inspiratory muscles in rats.
Effect of mild-to-moderate airflow limitation on exercise capacity.
Role of tachykinins in hyperpnea-induced bronchovascular hyperpermeability in guinea pigs.
Human initial responses to immersion in cold water at three temperatures and after hyperventilation.
Multireceptor activation of the pulmonary chemoreflex.
Neonatal calves develop airflow limitation due to chronic hypobaric hypoxia.
Protein concentrations have little effect on reabsorption of fluid from isolated rat lungs.
Influence of lung volume and left atrial pressure on reverse pulmonary venous blood flow.
Regional blood flow to canine parietal pleura and internal intercostal muscle.
Mediastinitis after open heart surgery. Analysis of risk factors and management.
Infection with Chlamydia pneumoniae in Brooklyn.
Safety and pharmacokinetics of 566C80, a hydroxynaphthoquinone with anti-Pneumocystis carinii activity: a phase I study in human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-infected men.
Cerebellar voice tremor: an acoustic analysis.
Lung cancer risk associated with cancer in relatives.
Results of multiple pulmonary resections for metastatic osteogenic sarcoma after two decades.
Subcutaneous emphysema producing airway compromise after anesthesia for reduction of a mandibular fracture. A case report and review of the literature.
Follow-up of infants treated with extracorporeal membrane oxygenation for newborn respiratory failure.
Clinical-physiologic correlations in acute asthma of childhood.
Pulmonary mechanics in preterm neonates with respiratory failure treated with high-frequency oscillatory ventilation compared with conventional mechanical ventilation.
Behavioral management of psychogenic cough: alternative to the "bedsheet" and other aversive techniques.
Parasitic diseases. Diseases associated with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
In vitro and in vivo consequences of VLA-2 expression on rhabdomyosarcoma cells.
Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia complicating somatostatin therapy of Cushing's syndrome in a patient with metastatic pancreatic islet cell carcinoma and Zollinger-Ellison syndrome.
Aerosol pentamidine prophylaxis following Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia in AIDS patients: results of a blinded dose-comparison study using an ultrasonic nebulizer
Scleritis and Wegener's granulomatosis in children.
Coexpression of galanin and adrenocorticotropic hormone in human pituitary and pituitary adenomas.
Thoracotomy in the octogenarian.
Intraoperative pleural lavage cytology in lung cancer patients.
Pleuroperitoneal shunting for intractable pleural effusions.
Phenotypic expression of bronchoalveolar lavage cells in lung rejection and infection.
Fibrosing mediastinitis with coronary artery involvement.
Airway complications in relapsing polychondritis.
Health effects of radon exposure. Report of the Council on Scientific Affairs, American Medical Association.
The role of the chest roentgenogram in febrile neutropenic patients.
Intravenous methylphenidate abuse. Prototype for prescription drug abuse.
Pleomorphic adenoma in the periphery of the lung. Report of a case and review of the literature.
Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia in patients with primary brain tumors.
Pharmacokinetics of gentamicin in neonatal patients supported with extracorporeal membrane oxygenation.
Risk of tuberculosis in patients with HIV-I and HIV-II infections in Abidjan, Ivory Coast.
Wegener's granulomatosis occurring in siblings.
Growth hormone inhibits tumor metastasis.
Superoxide anion hyperproduction by neutrophils in a case of myelodysplastic syndrome. Association with Sweet's syndrome and interstitial pneumonia.
Bronchioloalveolar adenocarcinoma with myoepithelial cells.
Spindle cell carcinoma of the lung. A clinicopathologic study of three cases.
Pulmonary blastomas.
Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia associated with profound lymphopenia and abnormal T-lymphocyte subset ratios during treatment for early-stage breast carcinoma.
Hyaluronan in pleural effusions and in serum.
Chronic pulmonary thromboembolism in dogs treated with tranexamic acid.
Prevention of deep-vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism after total hip replacement. Comparison of low-molecular-weight heparin and unfractionated heparin.
Effects of epidural anesthesia on the incidence of deep-vein thrombosis after total knee arthroplasty [published erratum appears in J Bone Joint Surg [Am] 1991 Jul;73(6):952]
Upper-airway obstruction after multilevel cervical corpectomy for myelopathy.
Cells containing factor XIIIa and pulmonary fibrosis induced by bleomycin.
Does post-operative nasal packing cause nocturnal oxygen desaturation?
Frontal sinus carcinoma presenting as acute sinusitis.
Wegener's granulomatosis in two siblings: a family study.
The applications of PET in clinical oncology.
Rheumatoid disease resembling lung neoplasia.
Decreased measles antibody response after measles-mumps-rubella vaccine in infants with colds
Right-to-left shunt across a patent foramen ovale caused by cardiac tamponade: diagnosis by transesophageal echocardiography.
Radiology in the intensive-care unit.
Thoracoscopic carbon dioxide laser treatment of bullous emphysema.
Solitary pulmonary nodule: high-resolution CT and radiologic-pathologic correlation.
Solitary pulmonary nodules: comparison of classification with standard, thin-section, and reference phantom CT.
Bronchiolitis obliterans after lung transplantation: findings at chest radiography and high-resolution CT. The Toronto Lung Transplant Group.
Improved tumor imaging with radiolabeled monoclonal antibodies by plasma clearance of unbound antibody with anti-antibody column.
The scimitar syndrome.
Tracheobronchitis due to Corynebacterium pseudodiphtheriticum.
Exercise response in 404 young men with asthma: no evidence for a late asthmatic reaction.
The impact of quitting smoking on symptoms of chronic bronchitis: results of the Scottish Heart Health Study.
Effect of terbutaline on bronchoconstriction induced by nebulised pentamidine.
Use of the Denver pleuroperitoneal shunt in the treatment of chylothorax secondary to filariasis.
Peripheral pulmonary adenoid cystic carcinoma with substantial submucosal extension to the proximal bronchus.
Predictors and prevalence of obstructive sleep apnoea and snoring in 1001 middle aged men.
False-positive immunostaining of normal epithelia and carcinomas with ascites fluid preparations of antimelanoma monoclonal antibody HMB45.
Lymphocytic hypophysitis and pulmonary sarcoidosis. Report of a case.
Comparison of Papanicolaou's stain with the Gomori methenamine silver (GMS) stain for the cytodiagnosis of Pneumocystis carinii in bronchoalveolar lavage (BAL) fluid.
Pulmonary injury associated with antepartum pyelonephritis: can patients at risk be identified?
General anaesthesia and undrained pneumothorax. The use of a computer-controlled propofol infusion.
Computerised axial tomography of the trachea. A useful investigation when a retrosternal goitre causes symptomatic tracheal compression.
Serum-erythropoietin concentration during acute cardiogenic pulmonary edema.
House dust mites in the West Indies.
Once daily triamcinolone acetonide nasal spray is effective for the treatment of perennial allergic rhinitis [published erratum appears in Ann Allergy 1991 Jun;66(6):457]
Mycobacterium kansasii: a cause of treatable pulmonary disease associated with advanced human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection.
Furazolidone and nitrofurantoin in the treatment of experimental Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia.
Lack of correlation between P pulmonale and right atrial overload in chronic obstructive airways disease.
Lymphatic abnormalities in Alagille's syndrome.
Respiratory complications and hypoxic episodes during inhalation induction with isoflurane in children.

