The role of bacterial adherence in otitis media with effusion.
Abnormal differentiation of human papillomavirus-induced laryngeal papillomas.
Transtympanic endoscopic findings in patients with otitis media with effusion.
Pseudocyst of the auricle. Case report and world literature review
Multiple intracranial mucoceles associated with phaeohyphomycosis of the paranasal sinuses.
Osteoma of the middle ear. Report of a case.
Induction chemotherapy with a new regimen alternating cisplatin, fluorouracil with mitomycin, hydroxyurea and bleomycin in carcinomas of nasopharynx or other sites of the head and neck region.
Relationship of 4F2 antigen with local growth and metastatic potential of squamous cell carcinoma of the larynx.
Topographic classification, clinical characteristics, and diagnostic delay of cancer of the larynx/hypopharynx in Torino, Italy.
Human papillomavirus type 16 associated with oral squamous carcinoma in a cardiac transplant recipient.
A clinical and flow cytometric analysis of patients with nasopharyngeal cancer.
Aqueous beclomethasone diproprionate nasal spray: regular versus "as required" use in the treatment of seasonal allergic rhinitis.
Pyoderma gangrenosum complicating Felty's syndrome.
Conservation surgery for glomus jugulare tumors: the value of early diagnosis.
Surgery for sinusitis and aspirin triad.
Lidocaine in the middle ear.
Imaging of pharyngeal and laryngeal carcinomas with indium-111-labeled monoclonal anti-CEA antibodies.
Stapedotomy technique and results: ten years' experience and comparative study with stapedectomy.
Endoscopic laser surgery for early glottic carcinoma: a clinical and experimental study.
Gentamicin iontophoresis in the treatment of bacterial otitis externa in the guinea pig model.
An improved stent method for choanal atresia repair.
Understanding dizziness. How to decipher this nonspecific symptom.
Cervical lymph node metastasis: assessment of radiologic criteria.
Comparison of cefuroxime axetil, cefaclor, and amoxicillin-clavulanate potassium suspensions in acute otitis media in infants and children.
Nonendoscopic percutaneous gastrostomy.
Magnetic resonance imaging of radiation optic neuropathy.
Complications of the pectoralis major myocutaneous flap in head and neck reconstruction.
Patterns of cervical lymph node metastasis from squamous carcinomas of the upper aerodigestive tract.
Efficacy of radical neck dissection for the control of cervical metastasis after radiotherapy for nasopharyngeal carcinoma.
Comparison of propofol and thiopental/halothane for short-duration ENT surgical procedures in children.
A controlled, double-blind study of the effect of quazolast on nasal challenge with ragweed antigen.
Effect of vitamin C on histamine bronchial responsiveness of patients with allergic rhinitis.
Teflon versus thyroplasty versus nerve transfer: a comparison.
Endoscopic laser arytenoidectomy revisited.
Combined laryngeal framework medialization and reinnervation for unilateral vocal fold paralysis.
Immunohistochemical interpretation of early epithelial disorders of pyriform sinus.
Vestibular recruitment in Meniere's disease.
Identification and characterization of middle ear vascular leakage sites in experimental otitis media.
Histopathologic study of otitis media in individuals with head and neck tumors.
Nasal lymphoma. A retrospective analysis of 60 cases.
Osteosarcoma of the maxilla in Hong Kong Chinese postirradiation for nasopharyngeal carcinoma. A report of four cases.
Possible involvement of the retinoblastoma gene in undifferentiated sinonasal carcinoma.
Informed consent in head and neck surgery.
Hearing aids for high-frequency hearing loss.
Analgesia and removal of nasal packing.
Sensorineural hearing loss in bullous myringitis. A prospective study of eighteen patients.
Chest infection following head and neck surgery: a pilot study.
The presence of human papillomavirus (HPV) in solitary adult laryngeal papillomas demonstrated by in-situ DNA hybridization with sulphonated probes.
Urinary N tau-methylimidazole acetic acid excretion in respiratory disease.
Vasopressin and oxytocin responses to illusory self-motion and nausea in man.
Sensitivity of digoxigenin and biotin labelled probes for detection of human papillomavirus by in situ hybridisation.
Different prevalence and degree of nonspecific bronchial hyperreactivity between seasonal and perennial rhinitis.
The role of histamine in allergic diseases.
The role of histamine in allergic rhinitis.
The role of antihistamines in otitis.
Immunotherapy abrogates the generation of eosinophil and neutrophil chemotactic activity during pollen season.
Unterberger stepping test: a useful indicator of peripheral vestibular dysfunction?
Ligmaject system for local anaesthesia in otology.
Comparison of the Goode T-tube with the Armstrong tube in children with chronic otitis media with effusion.
Long-term results of revision endolymphatic sac surgery.
Comparison of electro and chemical cautery in the treatment of anterior epistaxis.
Role of endoscopy in diagnosing scleroma in its uncommon sites.
Smoking cessation in chronic Reinke's oedema.
Second primary tumours of the larynx following bronchial carcinoma.
Endolymphatic hydrops precipitated by haemodialysis.
Epistaxis as an unusual presentation of an antrochoanal polyp.
Infectious mononucleosis complicated by lingual tonsillitis.
Acute upper airway obstruction following Teflon injection of a vocal cord; the value of nebulized adrenaline and a helium/oxygen mixture in its management
Adenoid cystic carcinoma: a comparison between CT, MR and Gd MR imaging techniques.
Dysequilibrium and otitis media with effusion: what is the association?
Mucosal thickening on sinus X-rays and its significance.
Multiple primary malignancies in patients with malignant tumours of the nasal cavities and paranasal sinuses.
Radiation therapy of laryngeal cancer: a twenty year experience.
Effect of microwave and ionizing radiation in patients with recurrent laryngeal carcinoma.
Another hazard of ear syringing: malignant external otitis.
Laryngeal metastasis from colonic adenocarcinoma.
Intralaryngotracheal thyroid.
Efficacy and morbidity of partial laryngectomy and postoperative radiation therapy.
Computed tomography staging of the paranasal sinuses in chronic hyperplastic rhinosinusitis.
Intraoral-extramaxillary sinus approach for ligation of the maxillary artery: an anatomic study with clinical correlates.
Vocal cord paralysis in children.
Myogenic influences on the electrical auditory brainstem response (EABR) in humans.
Evaluation of neonatal subglottic stenosis: a 3-year prospective study.
The efficacy of comprehensive neck dissection with or without postoperative radiotherapy in nodal metastases of squamous cell carcinoma of the upper respiratory and digestive tracts.
Esthesioneuroblastoma: surgical treatment without radiation.
Artificial restoration of voice. I: Experiments in phonatory control of the reinnervated canine larynx.
An in vivo canine model for testing treatment effects in laryngeal hyperadduction disorders.
Lasers for otosclerosis--which one if any and why.
Extrapulmonary pneumocystosis: clinical features in human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Chronic Lyme disease with an expansive granulomatous lesion in the cerebellopontine angle.
Management of chronic middle ear effusion with prednisone combined with trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole.
Improved technique for a one-stage repair of significant defects of the ear.
Nasolaryngoscopy for family physicians.
Laryngeal oedema from a neck haematoma. A complication of internal jugular vein cannulation.
Toxic streptococcal syndrome.
Human basophil releasability. VI. Changes in basophil releasability in patients with allergic rhinitis or bronchial asthma.
Delayed endolymphatic hydrops and its relationship to Meniere's disease.
Head stability and gaze during vertical whole-body oscillations.
Facial nerve monitoring in otologic surgery: clinical indications and intraoperative technique.
Titration streptomycin therapy for bilateral Meniere's disease. Follow-up report.
Drop attacks with Meniere's syndrome.
The nasolabial flap as a single-stage procedure.
Left recurrent laryngeal nerve paralysis: an unusual presentation of histoplasmosis.
Lovastatin. Warfarin interaction.
Leiomyosarcoma of the sinonasal tract. A clinicopathologic study of nine cases.
Epstein-Barr virus-related antibody. Changes in titers after therapy for nasopharyngeal carcinoma.
Distortion product otoacoustic emissions in normal and impaired adult ears.
A patient-oriented approach to perilymph fistula.
Chondrosarcoma of the larynx. Diagnosis with magnetic resonance imaging and computed tomography.
Small fenestra stapedotomy using a fiberoptic hand-held argon laser in obliterative otosclerosis.
Chondrogenic potential of tragal perichondrium: a cause of hearing loss following stapedectomy.
Selective management of early glottic cancer.
Allograft tympanoplasty: predictive value of preoperative status.
Otologic disease in AIDS patients: CT correlation.
The inferiorly based superior tympanomeatal flap for removal of congenital cholesteatoma.
Children with special needs in England and Wales: the care of hearing impairment, myelomeningocele, and adolescent pregnancy.
Children with special needs in The Netherlands: impaired hearing, adolescent pregnancy, and myelomeningocele.
Aminoglycosides: assessing the potential for nephrotoxicity.
Asymptomatic congenital cytomegalovirus infection. Audiologic, neuroradiologic, and neurodevelopmental abnormalities during the first year.
Endoscopic management of early supraglottic cancer.
Bilateral semicircular canal aplasia with near-normal cochlear development. Two case reports.
Effects of cyclophosphamide on the pathogenesis of cytomegalovirus-induced labyrinthitis.
Idiopathic sudden sensorineural hearing loss and postnatal viral labyrinthitis: a statistical comparison of temporal bone findings.
Immunohistochemical study of cytokeratin expression in normal and pathologic middle ear mucosa of the rat.
The association of selected cancers with service in the US military in Vietnam. III. Hodgkin's disease, nasal cancer, nasopharyngeal cancer, and primary liver cancer. The Selected Cancers Cooperative Study Group
Angiocentric immunoproliferative lesion/T-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphoma and the acquired immune deficiency syndrome: a case report and review of the literature.
Ear involvement in the yellow nail syndrome.
Osteoma of the middle ear.
Hearing loss due to cranio-metaphysial dysplasia.
Auro-nasopharyngeal polyp and cholesteatoma.
Chronic sinusitis and the yellow nail syndrome.
Direct extension of laryngeal carcinoma to the skin of the neck.
Reduced allergen-induced nasal congestion and leukotriene synthesis with an orally active 5-lipoxygenase inhibitor
Sensorineural hearing loss: a reversible effect of valproic acid.
The efficacy of oral steroids in the treatment of persistent otitis media with effusion.
Localized antigen challenge of the nasal mucosa.
Genetics of asthma and hay fever in Australian twins.
Excitation thresholds for nerves reinnervating the paralyzed canine larynx.
Sphenoid sinusitis, a cause of debilitating headache.
Three-dimensional reconstructed MR imaging of the inner ear.
Sphenochoanal polyps: evaluation with CT and MR imaging.
Relationship between asthma and seasonal allergic rhinitis in schoolchildren.
Fat myringoplasty in the guinea pig.
Otolaryngologic management of patients with subdural empyema.
Rapid sequence treatment of advanced squamous cell carcinoma of the upper aerodigestive tract: a pilot study.
Monothermal differential caloric testing in patients with Meniere's disease.
Paranasal sinus bony anatomic variations and mucosal abnormalities: CT analysis for endoscopic sinus surgery.
Whole-blood filterability in sudden deafness.
Molecular pathologic study of human papillomavirus infection in inverted papilloma and squamous cell carcinoma of the nasal cavities and paranasal sinuses.
Neurotologic findings in basilar migraine.
Stridor: intracranial pathology causing postextubation vocal cord paralysis.
Bacteremia with otitis media.
Delayed detection of congenital hearing loss in high risk infants
Human papillomavirus in oesophageal squamous cell carcinoma.
Detection of human papillomavirus type 16 DNA in carcinomas of the palatine tonsil.
Human papillomaviruses: pediatric perspectives on a family of multifaceted tumorigenic pathogens
Influence of otitis media on the correlation between rectal and auditory canal temperatures.
Arytenoid subluxation: diagnosis and treatment.
Electrical pacing for dynamic treatment of unilateral vocal cord paralysis. Experiment in long-denervated muscle.
Vertical partial laryngectomy: a critical analysis of local recurrence.
Relationship between histologic features, DNA flow cytometry, and clinical behavior of squamous cell carcinomas of the larynx.
Elective radical neck dissection in epidermoid cancer of the head and neck. A retrospective analysis of 853 cases of mouth, pharynx, and larynx cancer.
A comparison of Ho's, International Union Against Cancer, and American Joint Committee stage classifications for nasopharyngeal carcinoma.
Comparative epidemiology of cancer between the United States and Japan. A second look.
Comparative in situ hybridisation study of juvenile laryngeal papillomatosis in Papua New Guinea and Australia.
Conservative management of epistaxis.
Vertical partial laryngectomy on demand.
Use of EMLA cream as an analgesic in the management of painful otitis externa.
Mucocutaneous leishmaniasis due to Leishmania (Leishmania) infantum: biochemical characterization.
Acquired von Willebrand's syndrome. Therapeutic and diagnostic implications.
Assessment of middle-ear status during experimental otitis media using magnetic resonance imaging.
Upper respiratory tract infections in young children: duration of and frequency of complications.
Use of gadolinium-enhanced MR imaging for differentiating mucoceles from neoplasms in the paranasal sinuses.
Assessment of nasal patency by rhinoscopic measurement of cross sectional nasal airway area: correlation with subjective nasal symptoms.
Systemic sulfonamides as a cause of bilateral, anterior uveitis.
Delayed hearing loss after neurovascular decompression.
Improved technique for inserting a T tube in patients with subglottic stenosis.
Acoustic reflectometry for assessment of hearing loss in children with middle ear effusion.
Adenotonsillectomy in children with sickle cell disease.
Glossopharyngeal schwannoma: review of five cases and the literature.
External fixation using microplates after laryngotracheal expansion surgery. An animal study.
Single-stage laryngotracheal reconstruction.
Culture-positive allergic fungal sinusitis.
Bacteriology of the ethmoid bullae in children with chronic sinusitis.
Quantitation of DNA ploidy in squamous intraepithelial neoplasia of the laryngeal glottis.
Plasma cell granuloma of the nasal cavity treated by radiation therapy.
Receptors for epidermal growth factor and steroid hormones in primary laryngeal tumors.
Noise-induced hearing loss in orthopaedic staff.
Modification of the fluorescent allergosorbent test as an inhibition assay for determination of cross-reactivity among aeroallergens.
Audiological findings following head trauma.
Point and period prevalence of otitis media with effusion evaluated by daily tympanometry.
Tympano-cartilago-stapediopexy: a method to improve hearing in open technique tympanoplasty.
Inner ear cholesteatoma and the preservation of cochlear function.
Lateral sinus thrombosis: a problem still with us
Cochlear otosclerosis: statistical analysis of relationship of spiral ligament hyalinization to hearing loss.
A new syndrome: hearing loss and familial salivary gland insensitivity to aldosterone in two brothers.
Non-Hodgkins lymphoma of the head and neck: experience in the Grampian area.
Isolated congenital round window absence.
Postauricular cerebellar encephalocoele secondary to chronic suppurative otitis media and mastoid surgery.
Burkitt's lymphoma of the tonsil.
Correlation between antibodies to type II collagen and treatment outcome in bilateral progressive sensorineural hearing loss.
Management decisions in laryngeal carcinoma in situ.
The hypotympanum and infralabyrinthine cells in chronic otitis media.
Characterization of cytokines present in middle ear effusions.
The Glasgow Benefit Plot: a new method for reporting benefits from middle ear surgery.
The changing direction of nystagmus in acute Meniere's disease: pathophysiological implications.
Ultrastructure of respiratory cilia of WIC-Hyd male rats. An animal model for human immotile cilia syndrome.
Stapes surgery in osteogenesis imperfecta: analysis of postoperative hearing loss.
Ultrastructural evidence of a merocrine secretion in the human endolymphatic sac.
Tumor necrosis factor alpha in middle ear cholesteatoma and its effect on keratinocytes in vitro.
Management of subglottic stenosis in the adult.
Surgical treatment of laryngeal web with mucosa graft.
Ototoxic reaction to erythromycin.
Indications for the surgical treatment of osteomas of the frontal and ethmoid sinuses.
Microdrill versus perforator for stapedotomy.
External ear resonance in children with otitis media with effusion.
Chronic otitis media: the significance of nasal obstruction.
Occupational exposure and head and neck carcinoma.
Nuclear medicine in otolaryngology.
Predictive factors for hand eczema.
Alterations of muscarinic acetylcholine receptors in the nasal mucosa of allergic patients in comparison with nonallergic individuals.
Alterations of adrenoceptors in the nasal mucosa of allergic patients in comparison with nonallergic individuals.
Dexamethasone in the prevention of postextubation stridor in children.
Emerging techniques in the diagnosis of sinusitis.
A pilot study of pemirolast in patients with seasonal allergic rhinitis.
Central neurogenic hyperventilation in invasive laryngeal carcinoma.
Nasopalatine duct cyst: an analysis of 334 cases.
Reversible hearing loss from cerebellopontine angle tumors.
Adult peripheral neuroepithelioma in Meckel's cave.
Loracarbef concentrations in middle ear fluid.
Nasal midline masses in infants and children. Dermoids, encephaloceles, and gliomas.
Endoscopic and computed tomographic findings in ostiomeatal sinus disease.
Circulating C1q-binding macromolecules and their relationship to radiographic characteristics of laryngeal cancer.
Radiotherapy. The mainstay in the treatment of early glottic carcinoma.
Reconstruction of pediatric larynx and upper trachea with the sternohyoid rotary door flap.
Noncongenital hereditary hearing loss in children. Prospective documentation.
Usefulness of immunotherapy in patients with severe summer hay fever uncontrolled by antiallergic drugs
The neck-eye reflex in patients with reduced vestibular and optokinetic function.
Patrick Watson-Williams and the concept of focal sepsis in the sinuses: an historical caveat for functional endoscopic sinus surgery.
Management of posterior epistaxis with the use of the fibreoptic nasolaryngoscope.
Attachment of bacteria to tonsillar epithelium during acute tonsillitis.
Radiation-induced cranial nerve palsy: hypoglossal nerve and vocal cord palsies.
Massive metastasis from squamous carcinoma of the tonsil.
Ototoxicity of cis-platinum and its relationship to eye colour.
Muscle fibre type and habitual snoring.
Meniere's disease: an immune complex-mediated illness?
Argon laser stapedotomy.
Intracranial complications of paranasal sinusitis: a combined institutional review.
Prognostic factors in craniofacial surgery.
The response to human rIL-1, rIL-2, and rTNF in the middle ear of guinea pigs.
Detection of Epstein-Barr virus DNA in formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded tissue of nasopharyngeal carcinoma using polymerase chain reaction and in situ hybridization.
The effect of indoor air pollutants on otitis media and asthma in children.
Immunologic defects in patients with refractory sinusitis.
Age-related balance changes in hearing-impaired children.
The use of probenecid as a chemoprotector against cisplatin nephrotoxicity.
The relationship of nasopharyngeal carcinomas and second independent malignancies based on the Radiation Therapy Oncology Group experience.
Oral contraceptive therapy and the surgical management of ENT patients: a review of current clinical practice.
Anaplastic carcinoma presenting with cervical lymphadenopathy.
Intratympanic gentamycin in severe Meniere's disease.
Otitis media in day-care children. A report from the International Primary Care Network.
Diagnosis of nasopharyngeal carcinoma by means of recombinant Epstein-Barr virus proteins.
Large asymptomatic antrolith of the maxillary sinus. Report of a case.
Malignant cyst of the lateral aspect of the neck: branchial cleft carcinoma or metastasis?
Problems associated with prolonged intubation in the geriatric patient.
The geriatric auditory and vestibular systems.
Paranasal sinusitis. Geriatric considerations.
Evaluation of ventilating tubes and myringotomy in the treatment of recurrent or persistent otitis media
Soluble interleukin-2 receptors in patients with nasopharyngeal carcinoma.
Pseudocyst of the auricle: successful treatment with intracartilaginous trichloroacetic acid and button bolsters.
Acetazolamide-responsive vestibulocerebellar syndrome: clinical and oculographic features.
Pollen allergy to mimosa (Acacia floribunda) in a Mediterranean area: an occupational disease.
Double-blind comparison of cetirizine and placebo in the treatment of seasonal rhinitis.
Partial laryngectomy after irradiation failure.
Three-dimensional analysis of 61 human endolymphatic ducts and sacs in ears with and without Meniere's disease.
Adenoidectomy in otitis media. A review.
Radiographically confirmed cochlear otospongiosis among the Chinese.
Pathophysiology of Streptococcus pneumoniae otitis media: kinetics of the middle ear biochemical and cytologic host responses.
The treatment of chondrodermatitis nodularis with cartilage removal alone.
Radionuclide imaging in otolaryngology-head and neck surgery.
One-stage laryngotracheoplasty.
Pediatric sinusitis. The role of endoscopic sinus surgery in cystic fibrosis and other forms of sinonasal disease.
Laryngeal myxoma.
Jets over Labrador and Quebec: noise effects on human health.
Underdiagnosis and undertreatment of chronic sinusitis in children.
Needle aspiration and pressure sutures for auricular pseudocyst.
Changes in Schultz-Dale reaction in sensitized canine tracheal smooth muscle.
Benign thyroid hyperplasia presenting as bilateral vocal cord paralysis. Complete remission following surgery.
Amoxicillin or myringotomy or both for acute otitis media: results of a randomized clinical trial.
Impedance tympanometry and acoustic reflectometry at myringotomy [published erratum appears in Pediatrics 1991 Jun;87(6):945]
Influenza vaccination in the prevention of acute otitis media in children.
Caffeine as an analgesic adjuvant. A double-blind study comparing aspirin with caffeine to aspirin and placebo in patients with sore throat.
Differences in mediator release between allergic rhinitis and asthma.
Bilateral sudden deafness and acute acquired toxoplasmosis.
Otogenic Fusobacterium necrophorum meningitis.
Frontal sinus carcinoma presenting as acute sinusitis.
Intracordal Teflon injection: a question of timing.
Malignant fibrous histiocytoma of the larynx.
Leiomyosarcoma of the larynx: emergency laryngectomy.
Benign thyroid adenoma causing recurrent laryngeal nerve palsy in a child.
Lateral cephalometric analysis of children with otitis media with effusion: a comparison with age and sex matched controls.
BIPP induced methaemoglobinaemia.
Otological manifestations of a new familial polyostotic bone disorder.
T1-T2 carcinoma of the glottis: relative hypofractionation.
Flexible bronchoscopy via the laryngeal mask: a new technique.
Granulocytic sarcoma (chloroma). Presentation of an unusual case.
Larynx preservation with combined chemotherapy and radiation therapy in advanced but resectable head and neck cancer.
Atopic disease and immunoglobulin E in twins reared apart and together.
Sixteenth Daniel C. Baker, Jr, memorial lecture. Surgical management of supraglottic cancer and its lymph node metastases in a conservative perspective.
Role of partial laryngectomy after irradiation in the treatment of laryngeal cancer: a view from the United Kingdom.
Vocal fold medialization by surgical augmentation versus arytenoid adduction in the in vivo canine model.
Cellular changes in Reissner's membrane in endolymphatic hydrops.
Rat as a potential model for hearing loss in biotinidase deficiency.
Facial nerve and medially invasive petrous bone cholesteatomas.
Neonatal and pediatric microsubglottiscope set.
Fungal sinusitis in immunocompromised children with neoplasms.
Syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion in cancer of the head and neck.
Lower cranial nerve palsies. Potentially lethal in association with upper cervical fracture-dislocations.
The mini-grommet and tympanosclerosis.
Neurogenic sarcoma of the sinonasal tract.
Unusual cause of intranasal injury.
Subglottic cyst in a newborn.
A double-blind placebo-controlled study of the efficacy and tolerability of ebastine against hayfever in general practice patients.
Cogan's syndrome complicated by lacunar brain infarcts.
Otorhinolaryngologic causes of headache.
Motion sickness. Helping patients tolerate the ups and downs.
Testing of vestibular function: an adjunct in the assessment of chronic fatigue syndrome.
Late recovery of function after oculomotor nerve palsy.
Complications following thyroid surgery.
Smell and taste disorders, a study of 750 patients from the University of Pennsylvania Smell and Taste Center.
Use of prophylactic otic drops after tympanostomy tube insertion.
Final report on the second British Institute of Radiology fractionation study: short versus long overall treatment times for radiotherapy of carcinoma of the laryngo-pharynx.
Paediatric haemangiomas: the role of radiotherapy.
Malignant neoplasia of the paranasal sinuses associated with mucocele.
Microtrapdoor flap repair of laryngeal and tracheal stenosis.
Sinus aspergillosis and allergic fungal sinusitis.
Gastric emptying after gastric interposition for cancer of the esophagus or hypopharynx.
Juvenile spring eruption of the ears: a probable variant of polymorphic light eruption.
Locally advanced paranasal sinus and nasopharynx tumors treated with hyperfractionated radiation and concomitant infusion cisplatin.
Evaluation and management of stridor in the newborn.
Cutaneous responses to anticholinergics: evidence for muscarinic receptor subtype participation.
Multiple Amb a I allergens demonstrate specific reactivity with IgE and T cells from ragweed-allergic patients.
Biocompatible implantable antimicrobial release for necrotizing external otitis.
Prevalence and natural history of otitis media with perforation in Maori school children.
Mode of growth of acquired cholesteatoma.
Histology of aural polyp as a predictor of middle ear disease activity.
Perilymph fistula--a diagnostic dilemma.
MRI of the paranasal sinuses: incidental abnormalities and their relationship to symptoms.
Treatment of 'vasomotor rhinitis' by the local application of silver nitrate.
Human papilloma virus and carcinoma of the laryngopharynx.
Reinke's oedema and thyroid function.
Blood transfusion and survival after laryngectomy for laryngeal carcinoma.
Prophylaxis of nasolacrimal duct obstruction after major sinus surgery using a silicone stent.

